= Theta Arcornia: Alter Verse =
=== Intro ===


Sam was sitting around one day in the quiet town of Port Ariane. He was partly in the shade from a nearby tree. He had some pastries he had gotten at a nearby cafe, and was eating them while sitting on a bench. He was sitting there intending to meet with his friend Emile. A calm breeze blew through his fur, cooling off the spots where sunlight passing through gaps in the leaves had caused an uncomfortable sense of warmness. As he sat there, he saw some humans walking past. A child then began to look and point, before his mom reached over and pushed his arm down and manually turned his face forwards, refusing to acknowledge the presence of a demihuman like Sam in her vicinity. Humans and arthians had an at times strained relationship, though in recent years arthians have enjoyed a certain level of legal protection, both being recognized as citizens in the eyes of the law.

While arthians aren't as big as humans, they are typically stronger, and have claws and sharp teeth which generally put them at an advantage in a physical confrontation. Unlike Humans, they typically have a dental pattern more resembling that of a carnivora. 

They also generally have vertical slit pupils more like those of a house cat and typically have their ears on the top of their head, and have a cat-like face shape with a triangular nose and whiskers.

Many arthians are mildly telekinetic, which may in turn manifest as a wide range of secondary abilities and which may give them an unfair advantage in a fight. However, humans have an advantage in terms of both population and technological superiority, leaving arthians as a minority on the fringes of society living in sparse tribal groups, this being particularly true after the destruction of their home nation of Arcornia.

Sam then looked around to see if his friend was anywhere nearby, as the time they had agreed on has since passed. He caught a glimpse of Amelia sitting at the cafe and looking at him from behind the bushes. He didn't necessarily want to talk to her right now, but figured it would still be less awkward than the present situation. He waved at her, and she approached and sat down by him.

Like Sam, she was also an arthian with a reddish fur color and was wearing a blue sun-dress with boots; this standing in contrast to Sam's charcoal fur and him wearing little more than gym shorts and sneakers. As Sam saw it, he didn't really need to dress up all that much given fur served the same basic purpose as clothing anyways.

Amelia then said to him, "I was just passing by to order something before I casually noticed you over here." and Sam responded "I understand. Do you want a doughnut? I already had a few and am not wanting to eat the whole box by myself."

She took a jelly filled doughnut, and proceeded to eat it, trying to avoid making a mess as some of the filling started to escape. She tried to hide her sense of displeasure over the taste and texture of the pastry not entirely being to her liking, but given Sam had offered it to her she wasn't going to turn it down either. Doughnuts are not normally a staple of the arthian diet, but like humans they are able to eat a wide variety of foods.

Shortly after Amelia had finished the pastry, Emile showed up. Emile was another arthian male with an orange fur color. He was wearing a shop apron and coveralls, with his tail protruding from the back. Emile looked at Amelia and gave her presence a brief acknowledgment. Sam said to her, "Well, it was nice seeing you, but we have some things to attend to here. Later."

Sam and Emile then left, taking the box with the remaining doughnuts with them. Amelia was a bit disappointed, as though she didn't want to admit it, she was there mostly because Sam was around. Disappointed, she picked up a small rock, felt it some in her hands, and then made it disappear, before summoning it back a short time later and returning it to the ground.


This was a quiet town by the ocean. A distance away there was a shipping port with cranes loading and unloading ships, and to the right of the spot Sam was sitting at there was a view of the ocean in a large gap between the buildings on the other side of the street as the road curved off away from the sea; with access to a white sand beach just a short distance from the other side of the road just to the right of where she was sitting.

On her left hand side across the street there were some other buildings with store fronts. Many were selling clothing in sizes and styles generally appropriate for human adults. These were generally less appropriate for arthians given generally only children's sizes would fit correctly and would typically require modification to account for the frequent presence of a tail.

Directly to her left and on the same side of the street was the cafe. It had a number of outdoor tables and chairs, with umbrellas over the tables. The area with the tables was surrounded by an iron fence and juniper bushes, and the outdoor sitting area was paved with stone tiles.

Inside the building, there was more seating, and they sold pastries and various sorts of coffee and tea.

The street was mostly pretty quiet apart from the occasional humans walking past. This street seemed dominated mostly by foot traffic, unlike the streets in more urban areas.

Some traffic in the air was visible in the form of “Flying Chairs”, many of which vaguely resemble the offspring of a mobility scooter and an El Camino. They are capable of open air flight but are generally used at low altitudes and at relatively low speeds to better utilize ground effect. On the bottom were usually between four and eight thrusters, frequently with a faint glow visible from the exhaust. Many of those used by ordinary citizens used thrusters powered by kerosene or diesel fuel.

In the bigger cities, a considerably larger of hovering and flying vehicles may be seen, with vehicles typically being parked in openings into the sides of buildings.

One could tell from the glow color of the thrusters whether they were primarily operating on fuel or electricity, as fuel driven thrusters would generally be louder and have a more obvious yellow glow. When driven mostly by electrically, the thrusters would be nearly silent and have a blue or violet glow.

The thrusters effectively resembled a hybrid of a jet engine and an electrically-driven ducted fan, with the compression and exhaust blades sharing the same drive shaft as a magnetic rotor. There are also a series of fuel injectors, and/or a series of coils used to induce plasma via rapidly alternating magnetic fields.

In an electric thruster, the blades are spun up and the compressed gas is converted to plasma and this drives the process, at the cost of a considerable amount of electricity. Some larger flying vehicles are powered using a small nuclear reactor and thus drive their thrusters purely using electricity.

In a fuel driven thruster, fuel is injected and a pulsing electric arc can be used to initiate and help sustain combustion.


Sam and Emile were looking around and trying to see if they could figure out what Ivan was up to recently. Long ago Sam and Ivan had a falling out and their confrontations in recent years are typically adversarial. They weren't always like this. When Sam was younger Ivan was more like a father after Sam's real father was killed during the Arcornian War when Sam was still a young child (around 30 years previously). At the time Ivan was a robotics researcher and one of the few humans fighting alongside Arcornia. But, the ethics of Ivan's research were often questionable.

Emile was a long time friend of Sam, and was generally proficient with machines. He was one of the few among Sam and his friends able to understand and modify machines Ivan had built, which had often escaped Sam's abilities.

Amelia would tag along, and although the others didn't like to admit it, her skills were often necessary. The others would often perceive her as a "helpless little girl" despite her abilities to otherwise hold her own in a fight, and still being pretty formidable if compared with most humans. She was able to make things appear and disappear into her own personal pocket universe, and to perceive and alter the flow of events and time in ways even she did not understand at times.


=== Crossover ===


Sam wandered into a club as things had been a bit down recently. He hasn't been to this club before, but he visits new places sometimes as certain level of anonymity is afforded to to him going places where no one will recognize him. He ordered a drink at the main bar and after a few minutes took a few swigs.

He looked around, a lot of unfamiliar faces, but something seemed a little off to him. He heard the types of songs which were playing, and noticed there were hardly any ladies in the club, there instead being lots of dudes in overly tight fitting clothing. He realized then that he wasn't really the sort of place he wanted to be, so he started to get up to leave. But, as he did so, something wasn't right, he stumbled, and made his way instead to the bathroom. There, he collapsed on the floor, and as he faded out, he heard what sounded like Ivan's voice echo in his mind "Not so fast are you now, eh, Sam?!"

He briefly regained consciousness as he was laid over a toilet; held down by a heavy weight and tree-trunk like arms; he was unable to break free as the other person had their way with him. Afterwards he heard sobbing, as the person above him said, "Sorry, little guy, I saw you laying there like that was unable to hold myself back." The other person then backed off and collapsed on the floor in front of the sinks.

As Sam looked at the floor in his paralysis and shock, he saw something. A little square green jewel, which reminded him of one of the Sollus Jewels. He desperately reached out and grabbed the jewel, and a phrase was muttered as if by an outside force. Things flashed white in the release of energy and he again lost consciousness.

When he awoke, he was on a medical bed. He had the room to himself, and there were cookies nearby. His rear-end still kind of hurt, as a painful reminder of what had happened. Someone had left cookies for him, which were at least a nice addition. They were freshly baked and with chocolate chips, the mild smell of baking filling the air.

Not long after, he heard someone entering the room. At first he saw a robot, and he said to the robot, mildly confused, "Okkun? Is that you? You look different." The robot looked at him, unsure what to make of the question. The robot had a monocle-like eyepiece which he adjusted, but looked otherwise like a differently colored version of Okkun, a spindly humanoid robot with a big head and a quadruped base.

The other figure emerged from behind the curtain, and it was one of the last people Sam hoped to see right now: It was Ivan. He looked about the same as normal, but his suit was clearly made of fabric, rather than its usual rubber-like texture with valves and ports.

Ivan said to Sam, "No, this is Dekkun; He is my medical robot and he treated, your, errm, extensive rectal lacerations. How did this happen? This isn't something any of my robots should have done." Sam responded, "Well, it isn't really something I want to talk about right now, this is a much more, personal, sort of damage." Dekkun then says discretely to Ivan, "The damage appears to be due to anal penetration by a large feline." Ivan says, "Well, Oh! Get well soon. Oh yeah, Sarah made the cookies; feel free to ask her if you need anything."

Sam responded, "Sarah?" Ivan looked confused, "You know, Sarah, my wife.", "I wasn't aware you were married.", "We met around the time I was working on RoboSam." Sam asked, "Before or after kidnapping Amelia on Niberaux?"

"What? No, I was too busy with Sarah and trying to get RoboSam working and never made it to Niberaux before it disappeared; and was unable to locate it after this. Amelia is a bit of a thorn in my side, but I haven't had much of a reason to try to take her captive. The more distance I keep between me and her the better."

Sam says, "Yeah, tell me about it. She has been chasing me around for years, never wanting to give me time to be myself; A guy's gotta be free you know." Ivan says, "Well, anyways, I sent Dekkun to inform Kitsan where you are."

Sam got up, and looked around. He didn't recognize the facility. It looked like Ivan's usual style, but the design was a little softer and cleaner than usual. There were the normal steel bulkheads, but they had colors which matched the walls, and a mild pastel color scheme rather than more military-themed color-schemes Ivan usually prefers.

Sam wandered along to see a lady in a kitchen baking some things. She looked almost human, apart from her large upright ears and long tail and a few other arthian features. As she worked, her tail waved around, and her tail twitched and her ear turned when she heard Sam approach.

She looked at him and said to him, "I hope you are feeling better. Me and Ivan were worried about you after having found you in the forest." A young girl had been standing by the woman, and came over to him and said, "Hello, mister Sam. I like seeing you, but you are always so busy with daddy." The girl looked also mostly human, but she also had ears on top of her head, pointy teeth, and vertical slit pupils.

Sam looked mildly confused, and the woman said to him, "I am sure you have met Runia before; She is me and Ivan's daughter." He then reached out and patted her on the head, noting her features. Sarah spoke, "Some of our ancestral features re-emerged in her, but most of her ancestry is human. It can be tough in the world not being entirely one thing or another. It is easier to be accepted among arthians, but humans often feel rather uneasy around those of us who are almost, but not exactly, like them. But, Ivan was different, he understands better the plight of those who are different."

Sam responded, "So, you are Sarah I take it?"

The woman then just stopped what she was doing, and looked at him with a concerned expression, "Yes. You know me."

Emily Kitsan then came in and ran up to Sam, "Sam! I missed you!" Sam began to say "Oh, hey." but before he could finish, she ran up and embraced him, and then then began kissing him. Sam pushed Emily off, responding, "Emile?! What are you doing?!" Sarah then broke in, saying to her, "Please forgive Sam, he has been through a lot and hasn't quite been himself today. I will ask Ivan to check him over some more and see if maybe something has happened to his memory." Emily began crying, saying, "Sam? I am so sorry. You are always in my heart, please come back to us!" Sarah said to Sam, "This may all seem a bit sudden, but please try to be considerate of her feelings.", Sam then said quietly, "Her?", and Sarah responded quietly, "Yes. Her name is Emily, and she is your fiance, in case you have forgotten this as well. She has been worried a lot about you as you have been missing for nearly a week."

Sam checked back with Ivan, who ran some more tests. "I see some residual effects of benzodiazepines, but nothing here that really seems sufficient to explain your apparent memory loss. Maybe try to take it easy for a while."

Sam walks out of the room, and Emily grabs his hand and rubs against his arm before stepping back. With some hesitation, Sam says, "So, we really are together, right. If so, I guess it is OK." Emily then embraces him, and Sam uses the opportunity to cop a feel; nothing seemed out of place, and so the story seems to check out. Emily backed off slightly, saying to him, "Not here; We can save that for later." Sam then asked quietly, "So, you were always this way; female I mean.", "Yes... What else would I be?"; "In the version of things I remember, you were a guy."; "Well, no, but I could try to role-play one if that is what you are feeling into."; "No, that's OK."

Sam and Emily then left and returned home, or at least what Emily said was home. They were apparently living together, but nothing looked familiar to Sam, like a life he apparently lived but could not remember. He then had some quality time with Emily, even if this seemed a little awkward to him. He then went out to look around some and try to clear his mind.

She looked like the Emile he knew, but was also different somehow. She smelt different, and felt different; the way she spoke and acted was not exactly like the person he remembered.

Wandering around, he encountered some hostile-looking robots, "Finally! Something familiar around here." As he ran along, he noticed that there were no rings, and the robots were not so easily broken. His attempts might knock a robot over slightly, but it quickly rights itself and nothing he does seems to do much damage to them.

Chad came out, saying to him, "What the hell are you doing? These aren't like Ivan's Robots; We don't make these things out of cardboard boxes for your misguided sense of entertainment or something."

A moment later, Amelia came out. She was dressed a bit differently than usual, wearing a dark crimson skirt which hung down flat against her legs and was wearing large black rings on her wrists. She was swinging a war-hammer around casually, rather than doing her usual summoning thing. Likewise, instead of her usual shoes, she was wearing tall black leather boots. There were some sockets on her skirt similar to those on Ivan's battle suit, likewise with some cables visible running from the sockets to her back and tightly secured against her clothing, and she had a large green jewel mounted to her chest in a socket with some of the cables emerging from it. On her back between her shoulders is a largish metal box with cables running into it and a slight glow with faintly visible sparkles. It appears to be mounted to the back of her shirt, but he isn't entirely sure.

She said, "Heeey, Sam!", and then proceeded to lift up her skirt in his direction, and suggestively rubbed and fondled herself before saying, "I know you want this! But. You know what? You can't have it!" During this time, Chad proceeded to sneak around behind Sam, and threw a bag over his head and they dragged him off to their base.

Sam then found himself restrained in a room. The room was poorly lit, and he was strapped down to some sort of medical chair. Its construction was similar to that of a dentists chair but with restraints on the arms and legs, and was hinged such that it could be reclined or reconfigured into a gurney.

After a little while, Amelia entered, and Sam said to her, "Amelia?! Please let me go!" Amelia responded, "Quiet, at least for right now. Maybe I lied, just a little, but to be honest it is something I want as well. Here, let me give you a little something." She then walked up and shoved a pill into his mouth, added some water, and forced him to swallow.

She then bent down and began kissing him, and he was unable to resist or fight back. After a few moments of this, she then began to crawl on top of him, and fiddled with the levers to change the position of the chair into a more comfortable position.

She continued to make out with him, and as she did so he began to feel a bit flushed; something didn't feel right, but his inhibitions began to fade a little.

She straddled him, and lifted her skirt over him. Beyond his control, he rose to the occasion. She said, "That's a good boy." as she positioned herself over him and used her hands to direct him into her. She then rode him, tightly gripping his shoulders. She would rise up, and each time she thrust herself down against him, he could see her breasts bouncing beneath her shirt. As much as he didn't want to, he also couldn't stop, like everything was happening on automatic. As she pressed herself tightly against him, clenching tightly around him with her thighs, he felt himself release inside of her, and he couldn't deny that the experience was at least in some sense pleasurable.

Unlike the Amelia he remembered, this Amelia had crazy eyes and a much more stern and militaristic demeanor, but at this moment she looked a little more satisfied and leaned down and kissed him, looking at him with the more caring and love-struck eyes of the Amelia he remembered. He remembered the Amelia from his world, and in this moment could feel how she felt for him, now wishing he could return to her rather than always running away. Amelia then sat there for a moment, leaning against him with a tranquil expression, before getting off and cleaning herself up, and with her expression starting to return to how she looked before.

She then said quietly to him, "You better not tell Chad or Marie about this, if you do, I will not let you off again so easily."

She then started to loosen his restraints and said, "Wait until I have gone out of the room, then make it look like you managed to break free of the restraints on your own. Run free and don't look back."

Sam then manages to get away and head back to Emily's place, before collapsing at the door, fading out as he hears Emily saying "Sam? What's wrong?!". He awakens to familiar faces, Emily looking concerned, and Ivan and Dekkun having made a house-call and running more tests. Ivan said discretely, "You had a bit of a party last night it seems." Sam responded, "It wasn't by choice, I was captured and forced to comply by Amelia."

Ivan, "Yes, I understand. I figured as much, please be careful out there." Sam, "I ran into some robots, but I was unable to destroy them, and there were no rings or power-ups around.", "Well, you see, I built my robots for you, they are meant to be broken. Likewise for the special items; Someone had to put them there. Marie, however, doesn't have quite the same sentiment, and builds her guard robots a bit more durable."

"Marie?", "Yes, my cousin. She was seriously wounded in the evacuation of Arcornia. As she held on for life she was subjected to an experimental Cyberization treatment under development by Chuck. In the process, she was transformed into a cyborg, with much of her body now robotic. While still alive, she wasn't quite the same after this. She is cold and angry, and has spent much of her life working to overthrow the Federation. Chad soon joined her cause, and Amelia was recruited fairly recently but quickly rose up through the ranks, now second only to Chad."

Sam responded, "In the version of events I remember, Marie had died long ago, and it was you who had devoted your life to overthrowing the Federation."

Ivan, "Well, I had been on her side early on, knowing full well some of the atrocities the Federation has been responsible for; both to our family, and for the large scale genocide perpetrated against the arthians in the Arcornian War. When I met Sarah though, things changed. She is the daughter of the former president of the Federation, and herself part arthian. She was able to help me establish a more diplomatic relationship with them and was able to help negotiate an end to some of Federation's more genocidal policies. However, this put me at odds with Marie, and since then things have been a bit more tense with her."

Sam asks, "Arcornian War?", and Ivan responds, "At one time we all lived in country known as Arcornia. Most of the population there was arthian, with humans as a small minority. When we were younger, Marie left the Federation and I left several years later and then ended up fighting alongside Arcornia in a war against a neighboring aggressor. This nation, however, was primarily human and able to appeal to the Federation claiming that Arcornia was waging a war against humanity itself, and from this point onward Arcornia faced a crushing defeat at the hands of the Federation. As retribution, much of the population of Arcornia was rounded up and exterminated, with arthians having been seen by most of the military leaders as vermin worthy of being exterminated. After the war, those who survived formed isolated communities and have lived in the shadows; slowly emerging again as the war begins to fade from memory."

"Marie was not so forgiving, having her seen her life torn apart at the hands of the Federation during the destruction of Arcornia. In the aftermath, she helped protect and hide many of the remaining arthians, forming her own personal army. Likewise, the cyberization process which saved her life is now frequently used on others."

Sam, "Yeah, this is not, exactly, how I remember things going down..." Ivan continues, "You should be grateful though, as without her actions you and Emily would probably would not be here today; and we can still mourn for those we could not save."

Sam begins to be a bit skeptical, him clearly remembering a world where things went at least a little differently, but he keeps it to himself still lacking a good explanation for how it is that his friend is now female, and the awkwardness of getting loved up on by someone who had until recently mostly just been his sidekick.


Dekkun then arrives, "Sir, Vanille reports that Sam has been captured by Amelia and Chad and is being held at Marie's base." Ivan, "This is old news, as you can see, Sam is right here.", Dekkun continues, "No, it isn't quite so simple. On their end Sam made an escape attempt some time last night, but Amelia was able to quickly recapture him and he is still being held there. Here is some footage from earlier this morning." Dekkun pulls a tablet from his bag, and on the tablet is the medical table, with another Sam restrained on it. He is drugged and looks as if he has been beaten. In this state, he mutters to himself, "Emily, please forgive me!", at which Amelia walks over and hits him.

Emily begins to cry, as if realizing the Sam she has been with the past few days was not her Sam, but rather an impostor. Ivan has this thought as well, and restrains Sam as Dekkun pulls a machine out of a bag. The machine scans Sam, as Dekkun also takes a blood sample. Dekkun reports back, "Well, biologically and anatomically at least, this is Sam. He is not a robot, and he is not a replicant." Dekkun pulls some more machines from his bag, and continues to analyze the sample, and continues, "However, his Chronus signature and medical profile don't match the expected values." Ivan begins to release Sam, realizing already the conclusion. Dekkun continues, "By all evidence, he is Sam, however, he is not /our/ Sam. He appears to have come here from another universe; I will presume that the other Sam is probably the one native to our universe."

The group then begins organizing a plan for how to go about rescuing the other Sam and how to go about getting him back to his home universe.

Ivan says, "I didn't realize it at the time, but when we found you, I also found this." Ivan then pulls the small green jewel from his pocket and analyzes it with his glasses, and continues, "I will presume this is how you got here. Is this what Chronix Jewels look like in your world?" Sam responds, "No, I thought it was a Sollus Jewel.", "No, it is not a Sollus Jewel either, it is something quite different. But, I think we may be able to use this to get you back to where you came from. It appears to be resonating between the signatures of both universes, and so should be able to return you to the other universe."

Ivan then uses a machine which assemble another machine and he then adds the jewel to the newly constructed machine, saying to Sam, "After we get our Sam back, you can use this machine to return from where you left."

Chronix Jewels are a type of unusual and mystical gemstone which may be found scattered about on an a large artificial structure named Niberaux. They may be gathered there, and may be used to increase ones' psychic abilities, or used to other ends. Sollus Jewels are a similar but subtly different type of jewel, and it isn't really clear where they come from, but they are sometimes found on the black market. The jewel Sam had encountered, however, was different in that it was much smaller than a normal jewel, and had an unusual rectangular cut. It was about an inch wide, and about 1.414x longer than it was wide, and 0.707x as thick as it was wide. It differed from being fully rectangular mostly in that it has chamfers on the edges and corners. It has a bright vibrant color and is slightly translucent, however, what light it lets through is monochromatic in accordance with its color.

The normal sized Chronix Jewels were around 2.5 inches wide, and typically had a hexagonal cut. Likewise, the Sollus Jewels are also around 2.5 inches, but had a square cut, and were about 1 inch thick. The color of the jewels was variable, though greens, yellows, and reds were most common. Apart from the different origins and cuts, the behavior of Chronix and Sollus Jewels was basically the same. 

Both could be used to enhance the psychic abilities of an arthian via the use of Chronus Energy, and let them achieve abilities which were not otherwise possible with their own power. The discovery of these jewels was one of the few great advances following the war, and it is possible that had they been in use during the war, Arcornia may not have lost so badly.


=== Rescue ===


They then go and break into Marie's base. It consists of a fenced in perimeter, with a number of large buildings. The buildings are generally concrete and steel construction, with large concrete walls sometimes lined with corrugated steel; and a corrugated steel roof.

Ivan decides to infiltrate through the shop area as it is less heavily guarded than some other areas of the base. He asks them to put on safety glasses, but neither Sam nor Emily thought to bring any with them.

On the inside, many I-beams are noticeable, with the steel roof built on top of a truss system built from I-beams. Lots of machinery and tracks are visible mounted along the ceiling, with machines lifting heavy parts and other machines towards the roof and moving them to other parts of the facility along the tracks and rails.

The whole area is dimly lit has a noticeable sewer-like smell, causing Sam and Emily to start to feel mildly ill after entering.

A number of large lathes and mills are visible turning and cutting large metal parts, with similarly large robot arms grabbing parts and moving them between machines.

The floor of the facility is lined with half-inch steel plate, demarcated with various colors and lines. Many parts of the floor are covered in grids of roughly 2 inch tall metal stubs.

Periodically large metal chips come flying across the room and land on the floor. Ivan says, "To be in here, normally one would need to have the appropriate safety gear." Sam responds, "Against what exactly?", as a large twisted up metal chip nearly lands on the ground a short distance away. Ivan, "Against that, mainly. The chips that come off those machines are enough to potentially cause serious harm if they hit you directly, so ideally you would need protective clothing, in addition to the use of eye protection." Sam wonders about what sorts of cuts they are making as he notices that the chip resembles a long twisted up knife blade, and then along the way notices part of a broken cutting insert itself over an inch across.

As a lathe turns, it can be seen as a strip of metal roughly the width of a kitchen knife is being continually shaved off the piece of stock and is busily twisting itself into a tangled spiral. Periodically the chip breaks loose and falls into a pan at the bottom of the machine, with chips and a trickle of coolant emerging from the bottom of a hopper, but every so often a chip breaks and flings off in a random direction. A thick stream of yellow coolant can be seen flowing out onto a cutting insert and onto the work piece, steaming some and running off to the collection pan below.

Sam says, "So, no one is manning or keeping watch over these machines?" Ivan, "No, not usually. These machines are fully automatic, and they know when something needs attention and can usually resolve any problems that arise by themselves."

"Like a broken insert?", "Yes, the machine will sense when an insert is no longer working correctly and will then initiate a procedure to load a new insert, and if the new insert passes some automatic checks it will automatically resume the cut where it left off. This is better than the old days where the machine could crash into the part because the machine was too dumb to realize the insert was broken and would then require manual intervention or because of a reliance on machine operators to correctly set offsets and similar. This is also why the machines are open rather than enclosed, as chips and coolant splatter and similar are generally less of an issue when no one is around. These machines are otherwise much less likely to throw or scrap a part than one set up and managed by an operator."

Elsewhere, Sam could see another small army of smaller lathes and mills busily cutting away metal as robot arms grabbed and moved the parts between the machines. Near the end of this line, the arms could be assembling various types of robots, and once fully assembled the robot would seemingly come to life as a cable detached and would walk or roll off the end of the line, for another robot of the same kind to finish being assembled just behind it. It was like a stream of new robots walking off the end of an assembly line to go who knows where.

The machines were also modular, so if a machine broke an overhead crane would come over and lift it out, with a replacement being dropped in place behind it and the machine would then be secured in place to the stubs and production would resume automatically a few moments later.

The broken machines would then be taken over to another set of machines, which would disassemble the machine and replace any broken parts, with the new machine running tests and returning to the queue of spare machines.

Another set of machines was then dedicated to making any replacement parts for the broken machines, and nearly any machine in the facility could be rebuilt as needed.

Most of these machines had visibly exposed mechanisms, consisting largely of basic metal frames with lead screws and motors attached. Driving gears and other parts were clearly visible, often enclosed in little more than a protective shield.

Periodically during operation these mechanisms would be cleaned and lubricated by a machine which would come along and spray on a thick grease-like lubricant, passing from machine to machine and spraying down every gearbox, slide-rail, and lead screw.

Typically, the electronics were held in a small control module which would be held to the frame with cables being routed to it and soldered to its contact points, with the cabling and control module then being covered in a generous helping of adhesive goo.

The floor itself in these areas was covered in a thick layer of sludge composed mainly of grease, coolant, and escaped metal chips, which then slowly flow outwards into the exposed areas of the shop floor. It is then scraped up into buckets by small wedge-shaped vehicles with magnetized wheels which periodically make rounds throughout the facility.

Elsewhere in the facility, machines could be seen gathering metal chips and debris and returning them to big crushers, which would compact the debris into large blocks which were then carried off to be reprocessed back into stock, initially in the form of large ingots, which are then sawed down into various sizes needed for the other machines and transported in bins along the rails.

Elsewhere, large truck-like robots would deliver raw materials in the form of metal ore and sand and various forms of scrap and debris.

In the electronics areas, machines would convert sand into silicon ingots, cut, polish, pattern, and etch the wafers, cut them into dies, and then typically use point to point wiring and a two part adhesive to assemble the final components. The process resembled a number of arms with needles and threads hammering up and down as other arms manipulated the components, with other arms with a pair of big syringes coming in and injecting the magic goo. The resultant component then was typically a large black blob-like module with a number of exposed contact points.

Reclaiming electronics consisted mostly of grinding them back into sand and feeding this sand into a machine which would first separate the sand into various components and convert the bulk of the now purified silicon back into ingots.

Other machines could be seen winding the coils for and assembling various sizes of electric motors and similar as well, ranging from very tiny to huge motors, as arms with large spools of wire on them would move back and forth carefully threading the otherwise delicate magnet wire around inside the coils.

After making it partway across the shop floor from where they had entered, a wheeled robot drove up to the group.

The robot then said to Sam and Emily, "I can't help but notice that you came in here without wearing the appropriate PPE. I am here to to supply them, but please return them to the appropriate place before leaving. Please remember to refrain from leaving the lanes designated with yellow lines without appropriate authorization for those areas, and I ask that you to make your way to a green area in a timely manner."

Sam asks, "What about the red lanes?", and the robot responds, "Do not cross the red lines or enter red lanes. Unauthorized activity in those areas is prohibited and appropriate actions will be taken. Yellow lanes indicate the working areas of the shop floor. Green lanes designate safe areas. Red lanes designate secure or hazardous areas. Entering Blue and Purple areas requires use of a hermetically sealed clean-room suit. Failure to comply may lead to injury or death."

The robot then hands Sam and Emily some safety glasses and rubber raincoat style robes, and says "Have a nice day. Marie has been informed of your visit." before leaving.

Along the way, Sam saw a blue lane heading off somewhere, and a particularly rancid odor was coming from that direction. He asks "What, exactly, is off in that direction?" and Ivan responds "That is where they transform agricultural animal byproducts into cyberized wetwares. I wouldn't recommend going there, as that area is dangerous in addition to being particularly nasty."


They then crossed the rest of the shop area, and made their way towards the place where the other Sam was being held.

After crossing out of the shop area, they are blocked by Bonnie. Bonnie is another larger human-sized arthian, who has been partly cyberized and has an energy cannon equipped as an arm.

She enters the room looking well prepared for a fight. Emily pleads with her, "We don't need to do this; we were friends once; I just want my Sam back." 

Vanille also emerges and pleads with Bonnie, "Hey, sis, you know keeping him prisoner isn't right; I just came from talking with auntie Marie about this matter. Please step aside."

Vanille, like Bonnie, is also roughly human sized, and both have tan fur. However, Vanille is otherwise free of cybernetics. She is wearing a long blue and yellow dress with a white apron, and has a softer more human-like face than many other arthians. Similarly she also lacks claws or a tail.

Bonnie recognizes Emily's pain, and in sympathy decides to step aside. She shows confusion on seeing the other Sam, and Ivan says, "Don't mind him, he is just here from another universe."

Vanille joins the group, and Sam asks her, "Auntie?", and she responds, "Well, yes. Me and Bonnie are also members of the Kentov family; Marie is our aunt and Goran was our great-grandfather.", "But, you are also arthian?", "Well, we are mixed, yes. You can't always tell what someone is just by looking at them. Goran had two children, Berta and Sergei. Berta was Ivan's mother; and Sergei was the father to Marie and her younger sister Julia. Julia married an arthian named Rotamax. Julia and Rotamax were Bonnie and I's parents."



They enter the room where the other Sam is being held, and Chad looks at them rather confused. Ivan says, "You know, this isn't cool; just give us Sam and we will be on our way, we're sure Marie will understand." Chad doesn't buy in, and prepares for a fight. Marie's voice then echoes over a loudspeaker, "Chad, stand down, this fight is unnecessary." Chad then answers back, "Very Well." and backs away from the table.

An alternate version of Amelia then grabs Sam off to the side behind some machinery, and says to him, "Well, it is nice seeing you again, too bad we couldn't have met under more favorable conditions, maybe then we could have enjoyed our time together a little more."

Sam asks, "What is the meaning of all this?" She responds, "Well, at the time, I had already captured the other Sam, but I didn't tell the others for, well, personal reasons; but then I had a problem of how to explain it to Marie that I had been keeping him locked up without telling her. So, I planted a little jewel, and set a few things up, and you came along, giving my past self the opportunity to perform a little, substitution."

"You were responsible?!", "Well, yes, I knew the times and I knew the places, I just had to put the means within your reach. I once waited for you on Niberaux, but you never arrived; however, while I was there, another means presented itself.", "The Chronix Jewels?", "Yes, I just had to harness their energy, and was able to synthesize replicas. However, even with them in my possession, a limitation to their use presented itself.", "You can't change things in your own past.", "Yes, try as I may, I couldn't change anything as to how I, myself, arrived at that point in time and space. However, if I bring in someone from the outside, then from that point forward I am more free to act, as their history doesn't depend on my own, nor mine on theirs, and I am more free to model the flow of time as I see fit."

Amelia continues, "Another version of myself had tried to change her past, to bring the other Sam back after he had died in her care; but this series of events had led to a disastrous result." Sam, "Somehow it is as if I already know, by trying to travel back in time and to save that version of me, you then created a paradox which resulted in the black sand." Amelia, "Yes, but in a strike of luck this anomaly had corrected itself, erasing that whole timeline from existence, and allowing this version of the timeline to emerge in its place."


Sam, "What about, the, /other parts/." Amelia, "Well, I got what I wanted." She then rubs her belly and smiles at him, he looks and sees that it is bigger than before. Amelia continues, "Even if you leave, in a way, we are still together. Even if you try to erase our moments together, it will not work; the result of our union is sealed in history. My other self is hopeful, but doesn't yet know the outcome of this series of events; but I have already seen our children and grandchildren and the generations that follow. You have already met one of them, even if not in the best of circumstances."

Amelia then lifts her hands and puts them on his. She then leans over kisses him; after which she closes her hand and disappears.

Sam then returns to the others. The other Amelia had been protesting the other Sam's release, but ultimately conceded that this is what was the right thing to do.


Sam, now knowing of the future, looked at her and smiled. She then calmed down somewhat and became a little more cheerful that at least one of the Sam's had acknowledged her. He started trying to lift his hand to point, but his hand ghosted and he found he was unable to do so, so he left it at that.


Marie then came down from her office on another floor. She looked as if the years had not treated her all that well, but she otherwise had a calm and relaxed expression. She looked a bit older, with visible wrinkles and graying hair, though otherwise not too bad for her being in her late 70s. She had metal arms which look as if they have seen a lot of use and battle damage over the years, and with time even cyberized parts don't always regenerate perfectly. 

She was wearing a faded blue dress with a mildly noticeable floral pattern, and had metal feet which looked otherwise like human feet, and was wearing thick sandles made of vulcanized rubber to help compensate for the low traction and considerable noise that would otherwise result from her trying to walk on the robot-lab floors generally covered in steel plate.


As she entered the room, Chad went over and stood by her side. She looks over and is disturbed after seeing the poor condition of the other Sam up-close, and then says, "We have no reason to be fighting among ourselves. We may not all agree, but there is a greater enemy more deserving of our attention." She looks at Ivan, and her expression saddens slightly. She continues, "Remember our friends and family who have been lost at the hands of Federation: Our grandfather, Goran; and Chuck, without whom some of us would not be here today, many of our friends who had fled Arcornia during its fall; and so many others. Why, Ivan, do you continue refuse to stand with us in the fight against those who have caused us so much pain?" Ivan responds, "Not everyone in the Federation is bad; What good is there in fighting an endless war for sake of a few bad actors? Those who had led the extermination are now in prison for their crimes, and arthians and humans now coexist relatively peacefully.", "But they, and us by extension, are still outcasts within human society.", "Sarah's father was part arthian and he was able to be elected president; Do you think he would have approved of the extermination of his homeland? Would anyone have voted for him if they all felt he should have been exterminated along with them? He was like us, and was able to work for change from within the system."


After arriving back at Emily's house, they laid down the other Sam, and he received immediate medical attention from Ivan and Dekkun. Emily looked at him and smiled, before returning his attention to the other Sam.

Emily, happy to have her Sam back, but sad about his poor health and the mistreatment he had endured, and not knowing what else to do, then decided to put on a nice dress and sing to Sam. She hoped she could at least make him feel cared for, that she was there for him.


Dekkun continued analysis, and said to Ivan, "Sir, the molecular signature on the benzodiazepines matches those found in the other Sam; it is within a high level of probability that both originated from the same batch." Ivan, "Interesting, what do you think is the likelihood that it was from identical batches in each universe?", "Extremely unlikely, sir. The more likely situation, given the available information, is that they originated from within this universe."


=== Returning Home ===


After this, Sam used the machine Ivan had built, and with a flash found himself back in the bathroom to the club. The toilet was broken, and the walls to the stall had been bent outwards.

The person, now revealed to be Andre Chat, then backed off, collapsing to the floor and crying, both over the loss of Hoppie and his guilt over what he has done to one of his friends. He hadn't been quite the same after losing Hoppie.

Andre was a large arthian who vaguely resembled a tiger, but frequently brought his pet rabbit Hoppie along with him. Andre would dress the rabbit in little outfits, and was frequently prone to "accessorizing". He would often wear a leather vest bedazzled with rhinestones and sequins, and his pet would sometimes have a matching but smaller version of the outfit, or sometimes an outfit matching thematically with whatever happened to be taking place. Sam's general policy on the matter was to not ask questions, he didn't really want to know the answer. One day, as Andre was out and about, things got a bit heated, and Hoppie was killed.

He continued, and Andre said to himself, "Oh, Hoppie, how do I miss you. The times we had, why did I have to lose you?"

Sam walked over to Andre, and said to him, "Its OK man, go home." as he put his hand on Andre's shoulder. As he did so, a ghost trail appeared from the sink heading towards Andre, and then Hoppie materialized in mid air and landed in Andre's lap. Andre explained "Hoppie!", then looked mildly confused, before saying "Come on, let's go home!".

As he had planed to do initially, Sam was able to walk out of the club, everything the same as it had been when he left; the drink he had ordered was still on the bar, and the same people were still dancing on the dance floor.

He then returned home, and his version of Amelia then ran out to greet him exclaiming "Sam!" and hugging him. As she did so, he leaned over and kissed her, and she looked blissful, as he was in this moment seemingly acknowledging what she had been hoping for all these years. He reached down and grabbed her, and she initially seemed a little shocked, but she decided to accept it.

He looked at her, happy again to see her caring eyes and friendly expression, him finding comfort in seeing her as someone who would never intentionally hurt anyone without good reason. Someone who had been by his side all these years, in the various threats to the world they had faced together.

As he held her, he realized he wanted to feel again what he had felt before, and as he looked at her with desire, she noticed and initially felt hesitant, but soon enough gave in realizing in a way this is what she wanted as well. They then quietly went back to Amelia's house, and not long afterwards Sam and Amelia began their new life together.


=== Amelia of the Recent Past ===


A few days before the other Sam had arrived in their universe, Amelia had returned to her lab. It was well adorned with the tools she used for missions, and some prototype versions of some of her augmentations, which she has now replaced with better and more reliable versions.

There were also reactors busy synthesizing various compounds she would use on missions, consisting of networks of tubing, valves, tubes of reagents, and heating and cooling elements. If given the needed reagents, and an appropriate program, the machine would mix, heat, and cool them, as needed, within the networks of tubing. After the chemical reactions were completed, the resulting product would drip into a collection vial.

Some were more specialized, others less so. Some aspects of this craft she had learned from Marie, who had been working on her plans for decades.

Sam was strapped to a table, and was just beginning to regain consciousness after having been captured the night before. Sam regaining consciousness while being constrained was a bad situation for her, more so when she wouldn't be here to watch over him. 

His IV bag was empty, so she replaced it with a new one. Sam looked at her, a sense, as if starting to recognize who was standing over him and realizing his situation, but after she had replaced his IV, she watched as he soon began to drift back to sleep, as a stream of urine could be seen flowing from the catheter into a nearby bedpan.

She thought to herself what she was doing was for the best, even as much as looking at him like this caused her a sense of grief. She didn't like seeing him reduced to such a state, even if they were now enemies.


As she was preparing to leave to get back to her other business, another random corrupt bureaucrat who needed to either be "persuaded" or "taken care of", something came crashing down in her lab.

She saw her future self start fading in as she hit the keys on the controls of one of the reactors. As she hit the buttons, she began to look as if she were in pain. She grabbed some vials from the supply cabinet and shoved them into the machine, and then hit the "Start" button.

This Amelia went over to Future Amelia, confused. The future Amelia, recognizing that she can be seen, looks and say, "I did what I believed was right; But this, what we believe is right, and what happens next, it isn't right."

Amelia asks, "What do you mean?" Future Amelia gestures at Sam, "He doesn't make it, and shortly there-after, neither will we. His end means the end to everyone, but in a way, he is the one we need to save us."

Past Amelia responds, "But, if you are able to be here, in my time, doesn't this mean that this future is inevitable?" Future Amelia, "No, you see, in my timeline, this never happened. My timeline is doomed, but yours doesn't have to be. But, who we need is Sam, and I have found a good candidate." Future Amelia is then able to get some information loaded into a computer, before quickly ejecting the disk. As the disk sits on the table it begins to disintegrate. She continues, "I don't have much time left, as me coming here like this has come at a great price. Hurry, also, you need to reduce his dosage; keeping him like this is slowly killing him.", "But, wont he wake up? Wont he realize what a terrible thing I have done to him?", "That is just something you need to deal with. Face up to it, play it strong. Even if it isn't really what is in your heart, we know him, it is something he will understand. The other Sam, however, has not seen us like this, the Amelia he knows is a bit different.", "How so?", "She is soft, she is weak and submissive. It is important that he realize you are not her.", "But what if I am, what if I fail?", "You haven't seen her; Keep a strong face and he is sure to notice. What information I have gathered, I have left with you." Future Amelia looks at the device on her wrist, where the bar now nearly depleted. "I don't any time left, I will have to be going now.", "Where?", "At this point, I don't really know, a maybe back to a home which no longer exists."

At this moment, the device started failing, and Future Amelia then collapses to the floor. She then begins to scream out in pain as she begins to disintegrate into ash-like particles. After a short while, she stops screaming and collapses forwards seemingly dead. Her corpse then continues to disintegrate and after a short while has entirely disappeared. She has effectively subjected herself to the consequences of temporal annihilation.


She then adjusts the IV to lower the dosage, and begins reviewing the plans her future self had given her life to get to her. As Sam begins to wake up, she puts on a stern face for him. Sam sees her, and says to her in a drugged out voice, "Amelia? Where am I? What is going on?" As much as she doesn't want to, goes up to him, stares at him. As he begins to speak, she hits him, saying to him, "Shut up, please, and stop asking so many questions." Sam is mildly surprised, but quiets down, and finds that he still lacks the strength to break free of his restraints.

She says to him, "Stay here, if you will, I have matters to attend to." She then grabs the vial of the newly synthesized compounds, and sets up the controls for her phase modulator as was described by the other Amelia. She then watches her surroundings warp and disappear as she phases from one universe to another.

She then finds herself in the club. Distortions of various men dancing can be seen in the bar. The distortions can be seen bumping and grinding each other in various ways, as they warp between poses in this space. Sometimes they fade in, sometimes they fade away, going off, sometimes alone, sometimes in pairs, to various locations within the club.

She finds Sam at the bar, seemingly enjoying a drink. His ghost line shows he came in through the door, as he warps between sitting at the bar and entering the club. The line revealed that not long after, he looks around, then gets up and leaves. However, a faint trail of him instead heads towards the bathroom, where he enters a stall and then flashes away shortly after. As he does he clenches his fist on the floor. A small synthetic jewel she had brought with her begins to glow in-sync with the flashes, and has its own ghost line into his hand. She leans over and places the jewel into his hand. She leans over and tries to kiss him, but this fails. She then whispers into his ear and as she does so he flashes and disappears, now more strongly than before. This line is still weak though, so she returns to the bar, where Sam is sitting, alternating between the various states of his arrival and departure. She then takes out one of the vials, and adds its contents to his drink. At this moment, the path where he gets up and leaves all but disappears, but only part of the time does he leave via the path set by the jewel.

The jewel resonates along with Amelia's home universe, and it exists as a transient entity within Sam's universe. Thus, if it goes into an active resonance, it will bring whatever is entangled with it back to its home universe. She just had to make sure he was holding it and causes it to begin to resonate at the intended time, and her whispering into his ear was enough to cause this.

Another line exist where two men stumble into the bathroom, and shortly thereafter pick him up and drag him away, leaving the jewel behind to return without to her universe without bringing him along.

In the lines where Sam leaves, she sees that someone comes up behind him and lean over him. In the alternate route the person goes past and then uses the bathroom and then leaves.

She then follows this line back to the bar, where she finds a crying Andre Chat. She then takes the other vial from her bag, and adds it to his drink. It has an immediate effect on his behavior, and now Sam consistently disappears. She then sees her own shadow walking up to Sam and speaking into his ear, as Andre lays on top of him.

She finds Andre crying at the bathroom sink, and feels sorry for him. She then gets creative and pulls in a past Hoppie to jump into his lap. Though for how long this Hoppie will continue to exist outside his original timeline, she does not know. She finds Andre stopped here often, sometimes dancing and leaving with various people, and in past occurrences had often brought Hoppie with him, but then Hoppie had since stopped coming and Andre would just sit alone at the Bar and drink. All she really had to do then was deflect Hoppie forwards a few months, so that he would re-emerge in the present, erasing Hoppie's original timeline and death from that point forward; and she could see that Andre was happy to be reunited with his friend.

As she leaves the bathroom she sees that versions of herself were becoming increasingly tangled with the events in the club, and decides it is probably time for her to leave. She sees a version of herself collapsing as a shocked crowd gathers while she faces a similar fate to her other self.

She checks her wrist to notice her phase is starting to drop, and the crowd starts transforming from ghost lines into actual people moving around and doing their thing. As she begins the process of returning to her own world, she can see Sam getting up from the bar and starting to stumble and shamble towards the bathroom as Andre begins to get up and follow him in.

She then returns to her own world, finding her captive Sam has drifted back off, though slightly different this time in that he is more responsive. As he sleeps, she rubs her hand against his face and says quietly, "I am sorry, I am sorry for everything." She then walks away.


=== Amelia and Niberaux ===


Several years prior, Amelia had a prediction that she would encounter her future on Niberaux. Niberaux was a large artificial structure which would appear over a particular lake at certain times of the year, and then disappear again a short time later.

The origin and nature of Niberaux is unknown, and seemingly defied gravity with its ability to remain airborne, floating silently above the lake. Its shape was roughly circular, similar to that of a spinning top, with a spire-like central tower in the top center. The structure then slowly spins as it floats above the lake, and is roughly several miles across.

It has a considerable amount of area near the surface which are like fields and gardens which have long since become overgrown with vegetation and overrun by wildlife. It also has a large interior space full of strange and mysterious machinery. However, the structure is otherwise unoccupied and largely unexplored.

Few people have tried to explore the structure, many of those who have boarded the structure have found the experience haunting and disturbing, and those who have stayed aboard the structure when it disappears are never seen or heard from again. When the structure reappears a few months later, no trace of the explorer nor their equipment can be found.

Various pieces of technology had been reverse engineered from artifacts discovered strewn about on this structure, and other artifacts have been found whose nature is a bit more mysterious.

Amelia ventured to the lake and waited. As expected, Niberaux appeared, but no one was around. In her prediction the one she was to meet would come to the place where she had set up camp, and she would then follow them to the places they were going. After waiting a number of days she was tempted to leave, as the structure was approaching its limit and would soon disappear again.

As she was considering leaving, she saw sparkles raining down in the grass near where she was sitting. She started grabbing them up, and then found she had a small handful of them. Realizing her time there was almost up without ever finding what she came here looking for, she put her fist up to her face and started to cry in frustration. As she lowered her hand, she found herself and a lot of her camping supplies and tent now in a field on the structure overlooking the lake, though in a state of disarray due to whatever had brought them there. She then reorganized organized the campsite, but then realized that she was stuck there and had already gone through most of her supply of food (as she had only brought about a week worth of camping supplies).

She then went exploring, finding seeds and berries, testing and tasting them in an attempt to identify what was safe to eat, while still keeping a watch out for the one she was destined to meet.


As she waited there, she saw trails, like ghostly shadows of the person she was waiting for. She saw him fighting ghostly robots. She saw the shadow hit a pole and then run and disappear. Trying to do similar, she hit the pole and ran as fast as she could, but couldn't seem to get going fast enough. She then used a linear sled which flung her forwards at a high speed, which was seemingly enough. She then found herself somewhere different, but could see the one she was following. This time, things were different; he was no longer a ghostly apparition, he was actually there. The robots were there as well, but she could pretty quickly dispatch them. She ran, trying to catch up with the elusive person, now revealed to be Sam.

As she caught up with him, he looked at her, confused, and as she ran towards him he then ran off. After she caught up with him again, now frustrated and feeling a bit starved, she rushed forwards and tried to grab him, but as she grabbed on to him he broke apart and turned into a cloud of smoke. Where he was standing though, she found several large jewels, which were something which remained solid after he was gone. She picked up the jewels, and then after swinging around one of the poles found herself back by her camp.

She rested, and ate food, and got back at it, trying to talk to him but with similar effect; seemingly any direct interaction causing him to return to being smoke. But, in doing so, she managed to amass a pile of these jewels, after which any more he was carrying would disappear along with him.

She put the jewels in a blanket and then carried them with her. She reached for a smoke trail again, but this time, it became real. She then tried to catch up with him by bringing things from the smoke world into hers, but as she would run past they would return to their form as animated smoke. She was able to grab Sam's wrist and yank him into her reality, him looking around perplexed as his world was seemingly melting into smoke and he was being held in place by a rather frustrated looking Amelia who from his perspective had just materialized out of thin air and was now holding his arm. The confused Sam looks back and forth, torn between two worlds and not sure what to make of this. He struggles, and she lets go, him chasing after the another version of her and returning back to his world of smoke.

A few other times, she was able to briefly join their world, often only finding glimpses. She was able to cross over and ran into Ivan, who was assembling some machinery with the help of robots.

She approached him, and he took notice of her. He said to her, "Amelia? How did you get out of your cage? No matter, can't really have you roaming around freely, now can I." A robot approaches her and tries to grab her, but she doesn't want to deal with this. She lifts her hand towards it and it is propelled backwards, hitting a wall and then going poof into a cloud of smoke. Ivan looks bewildered and flies off in a Flying Chair. As he does so, the scenery and all the robots and machinery begin to break down and return to being smoke.

This whole place to her has become an unending series of bad dreams, the shiny stones seemingly the only things she has there which are real, allowing her to roam freely from place to place, but everything seems to come back to this one spot; An empty grassy field surrounded by dense vegetation.

She returns back to her camp, making a fire to lite up her campsite in a world which has now gone some time from being a scenic view over a lake to being somewhere inside an empty black void. The world isn't completely dark, as there is a faint glow from the various areas, and a faint pulsing light surrounding the structure in the darkness.

How long has she been there? She starts to forget, not keeping count of the days. After the sky went dark, she no longer knows when it is day or night. The structure tries to remember, briefly showing glimpses of various locations in the sky, before returning to the starless night sky of the void. Her tent is now in tatters, and her original supplies have long since exhausted.

She misses having a real bed, as she has been sleeping on a bed made of flower stalks and vines. She misses having real food, resorting to seeds and berries and fruit. She wants to eat meat freely, but has a hard time bringing herself to taking the lives of the animals there, and even when she tries they too are often illusions made of smoke.


Feeling rather disappointed and discouraged in this lonely place, she wrapped herself in a blanket while holding the stones and wished she were back home.

At this moment, she found herself back on the grass on the shores of the lake, with her past self still sitting on the blanket and looking wishfully up at Niberaux. Amelia thinks to herself "Oh how naive she is, If only I can tell her maybe she at least can be spared from all this?!".

She goes over by her past self, who seems unable to perceive her. She yells and waves at her past self, but is unable to get her attention. As she walks past her past self, part of her blanket brushes against her past self's tent.

At the point of contact, the blanket starts to unravel and leak sparkles, burning away much like a lit fuse, and Amelia then has a sudden sense of fear that if she doesn't get away from there right away she could be next, and it isn't her past self which will turn to smoke this time.

She then quickly drops the blanket and runs away. As the blanket hits the ground and the other Amelia leans over and touches it, the burning blanket now starting to cross within her field of perception. It then starts more rapidly burning up and rains down on the other side as a shower of sparkles and releases a big cloud of smoke in the process. The other Amelia takes notice, and begins grabbing up the sparkles from the disintegrated parts of the blanket up off of the ground. The past Amelia then cries and disappears taking the rest of her camp with her as if she had never been there.

Amelia returns home, and finds that luckily there are no longer any ill effects from touching things, and she has missed having a house well stocked with food. Back from her trip, she still has the stones, and she begins to investigate their properties.

Her life mostly returns to normal, with no one believing the story of her experience, as from her perspective she was only gone for a few days.

After seeing the helplessness of her other self, she focused much more intensively on her combat skills and stealth. Summoning things at whim, and getting into and out of places undetected.

Her demeanor at this point got a lot more cold and serious than her other self, her feelings now an enemy that she worked to keep locked away.


=== Amelia Joins Up ===


Some time after her experience on Niberaux she goes to Central City intending to move there.

While looking around the town, she encounters Sam and Emily making out on a bench. She doesn't know how long they have been there, but they appear to be having a good time among themselves. Emily smiles and giggles at Sam, who likes to lightheartedly joke around. Sam catches a glimpse of Amelia but doesn't pay much attention to her, as her mind wanders back to her time chasing after his ghostly apparitions.

She goes up to to them being a bit annoyed, and Sam looks at her confused as from his perspective he had never seen her before. Sam and Emily then run off, stopping down the street a ways as Emily was disturbed by this. They talk about it some, and Sam reassures Emily, who then starts giggling some. They then head back to Emily's place.

Amelia proceeds to sit on the bench, and after a while meets and starts up a conversation with Vanille, who eventually reveals that she is part of a group fighting for arthian rights and invites Amelia to go along to a meeting. After some hesitation, she agrees to it, and meets Marie and Chad there, who had been organizing the group meeting mostly as a means to recruit new members, with Vanille mostly serving as a social face and to help screen those who may be sympathetic to their cause, while still coming off as a nice friendly person they could relate with, which was a role that Marie and Chad couldn't pull off nearly so well.

While Amelia figured out their aims pretty quickly, she went along with it anyways. She initially served indirectly under Bonnie; but with her determination and combat skills quickly gained a position of authority within their group. She would complete whatever missions were given to her, quickly, effectively, and by any means necessary.

Not every mission was a success though. Amelia was assigned a target with few other details given. She was to take out otherwise unremarkable human woman; No obvious political or scientific standing, no clear reason given for why they wanted her dead.

She infiltrated their mansion complex, making her way to the kitchen. There, a maid was cooking, and the maid then went to check on something in another room. Like the rest of the family, the maid was also human. The task was simple enough, she was to spike the food with a neurotoxin. Its results would go mostly unnoticed, the woman would become drowsy and would then pass away as she slept. The toxin was specially designed to be keyed to her genetic sequence, and would leave the rest of the family unaffected.

As she was about to go through with it, someone had stopped her. An elderly arthian came up to Amelia and said to her, "I know why you are here, and I was sent here to ask of you to reconsider.", "What, by who?", "By you, or at least a version of you. All I can really say to that is that things will not turn out well for you if you go through with this.", "What reason do I have to believe you?", "He then lifts his sleeve to reveal one of her stones strapped to his wrist with some cables coming off and going up his arm from a more advanced version of a socket she had been working on.", "I know you should recognize this."

He took her into another room, where the family was sitting. The family could not see either him or Amelia. A child was with them, and was seemingly upset and went to the woman, who said to him, "There, there, mommy is here for you."

The man says to Amelia, "He needs his mom, and in time you will have a need both of them." Amelia asks, "Who is she, exactly?", and the man responds, "Who she is, is a well kept secret. You were sent here, mostly because Marie fears what could happen if her secret came out publicly, and would rather have her eliminated. I am here to tell you though that doing so will not lead to a favorable outcome, and there are other better ways to keep her hidden.", "But, what is her secret?", "She is the elder daughter of Ivan Kentov, one whose existence has been kept hidden from him. She is a relic of the past, and if her existence becomes known, it is feared that Dr. Snive may attempt to use her as leverage against the Movement."

He then checks something on his arm, and says to her, "We must get going now. Our time here is almost up." Amelia asks, "Who are you?", "In time, I will be an ally of you and your family, but for now you can simply call me Chuck." He then backs off and disappears into a cloud of smoke, and as he does Amelia starts to become visible to the family. They begin to look in her direction, not quite sure what they are to make of the moving and slowly forming distortion in their living room. She runs off and jumps and phases right through a wall, managing to get out of view before she begins to visibly materialize; albeit with a partially formed image of her running off having been captured on a security camera.

When running, she stumbles and hits against a wall on the outside of the premises, her realizing she has now become completely solid, and she no longer has enough energy to go back into stealth mode. She then uses the less graceful strategy of running and swinging a war-hammer into the ground to propel herself into a leap over the fence.

As she escapes, she hears the alarm system for the mansion complex going active, and security personnel then begin a search of the premises.


After getting back to base, Amelia reports indirectly that the mission was compromised and that someone was waiting there to stop her, but without going into some of the other details. Marie then suspects that someone may already know of the secret and their plans may have been leaked. Marie then decides to lay low on the matter to better assess the situation.


Amelia's stealth ability was based on both her observations of the behavior of the Chronix Jewels, and getting some help from Ivan regarding the engineering and fabrication aspects of the device.

She doesn't like to admit it, but there is a certain cleverness in Ivan's engineering style, able to find the special properties of everyday materials. Who else, she things, when trying to help her design a cloaking devise, would start by pouring out a box of paper clips onto a table, and then stacking and visualizing how the fields will transfer between them.

Due to the special properties required, the coils were created by weaving a number of turns of magnet wire through a large number of paperclips and twist-ties held together with a generous helping of metalized epoxy, this in turn using a 3-phase bridge driver from an electric motor and rotating the fields in a particular way at several kHz. The Chronix Jewels are similarly held in place with a generous helping of hot-glue.

But, at the same time, she remembers how easy Ivan's robots typically are to defeat. Then again, many of them are built using a wood skeleton held together with hot-glue; the outer chassis often being made out of wood or cardboard and contact laminate. Many are built more to be more impressive-looking in numbers than actually difficult to defeat.

Then she has a moment of doubt, realizing that about the only thing standing between her and annihilation is the specific magnetic properties of a mass of paperclips gobbed together with glue. In places where Ivan was involved, this basically means hot-gluing all the wiring and hot gluing the housing as well. What if, in an intense mission, the Chronix Jewel gets hot enough to melt the glue bonds holding it into place, or there is a structural problem with some of the plastic parts? Well, these are things she doesn't really like to consider.

Some time later, she had captured Sam. She drugged him, and tried to force him to cooperate with her, but he resisted. He could not accept Marie's methods, nor could he imagine giving up on Emily for Amelia.

He resisted, and ultimately died due to his failing health due to Amelia trying to increase the dosages of his 'medication' to make him more cooperative. At this moment, Amelia was filled with regret, things hadn't turned out at all how she had hoped.

She attempted to travel back in time to stop herself, but faced the problem that she was still unable interact with her past self, and anything she brought back to throw at her past self to get her attention disintegrated on contact. The best that happened was producing small showers of sparkles. 

She then tried to revive Sam using the power of the jewels, and then tried to cyberize his corpse, both of which failed. She then tried to bring a past still-living Sam forwards in time so he could hopefully escape, but he saw his future self as a partially cyberized corpse and in a surprised state rushed over and touched him. Much pain and yelling resulted as the past Sam found himself disintegrating into black sand, along with the other deceased Sam melting into him.

The resultant pile of black sand then slowly disappeared, both versions of Sam seemingly having erased themselves. Amelia didn't know what to do, she still remembered him, but even this was starting to get clouded in her mind. At this moment she became aware of something:

This version of herself was now part of a doomed timeline. She watched as the people around her began to fade away, as her world began to be slowly eroded into black sand.

She tried to travel to other timelines to formulate a plan for how to fix her broken timeline, but found she was unable to fix the damage which had already been done, and in not too long there would be nothing left of her world to return to.

As a last ditch effort she managed to get a message of her plan to another past version of herself by both time-traveling into an alternate timeline and forcing herself to be in-phase with the past, with the last thing being seen of her was her alternate self witnessing her writhing in pain as she slowly disintegrated and turned into sparkles and smoke as a sort of penance for altering the timeline in this way (and thereby erasing her own existence, along with the broken timeline from which she originated).

Her past self then set in motion the plan to recruit a version of Sam from an independent timeline and to try to avoid this fate, but this was itself a fairly complicated plan, one which Marie and the others could not be allowed to discover.


=== Some time ago in Another Timeline ===


Several years in the past and in another timeline, Sam and Emile were sitting around after they had just finished beating Ivan at another of his schemes. Sam had recently battled Ivan aboard a flying airship he had named the KillCruzer, which has since fallen apart with its pieces came crashing down into the ocean.

They have also formed an uneasy truce with Nathan, who is mostly OK so long as no one gets to close to the temple holding the Huge Jewel. He is grateful to them for having helped restore the jewel to its place in the temple he was studying after Ivan had stolen it.

Nathan was a brown arthian who liked archaeology and investigating things. If the task generally involved looking at ruins or ancient machinery, he was a good person to call on, but really didn't approve of the ruins being disturbed, which would nearly always follow. Though, he was at times also lazy, often preferring to use the study of archaeology and investigating ruins as an excuse to get paid to sit around doing nothing. Things weren't always easy when dealing with Nathan, as he was at times also prone to be a bit of an arrogant prick, and frequently Sam would try to avoid dealing with him if possible.

Sam is also relaxing, after managing to evade Amelia. After their initial encounter on Niberaux a few months earlier, she had since been stalking him, with her trying to claim ownership over him, and he has been struggling to evade her since then. He thinks to himself he is now free of her, having not seen her recently during this whole ordeal with Ivan.

In the time after she lost track of him, she has since moved to Central City, and in having a sense she will meet him again someday, she tries to keep her hopes up, a cheerful exterior to try to cover her inner despair, a creeping doubt that maybe he really is lost to her. She thinks to herself that she must not give up hope, one day he will return to her. Then he will not be able to run away from her again, she WILL stake her claim on his heart, eventually.

Nathan then starts yelling from the temple. Something is happening. Sam rushes over to see what the fuss is about, running up the stairs from the place he and Emile had been resting near the base of the temple.

The huge jewel was shining brightly, and an energy bubble has formed around it. Another bubble starts for emerge from the side, and in a flash of light the bubble turns into Ivan.

His outfit is damaged, and he appears dressed more as he did several years ago, mostly as he did before this whole mess of trying to take over the world. While he is wearing his earlier outfit, under it Sam can see that he is wearing his powered combat suit, which he only started wearing after Sam had started handing his ass back to him in his robots. In Sam's mind, this means he is probably looking for a fight, despite his otherwise odd choice of attire.

Ivan looks terrified, and initially backs up in fear at the sight of Sam, but after a moment stops, and takes a good look at Sam. He then stops and proceeds to try to take a more calm and confident stance. Sam responds, "Ivan?!", at which Ivan shows a look of confusion by this response.

Another bubble forms near the Jewel, at which point Ivan exclaims "Run!" and proceeds to run off at high speed. One feature of Ivan's suit is that it allows him to temporarily achieve high running speeds, in addition to increased resistance against physical attacks, and ability inflict more physical damage in close combat. In most respects, there are few things which can stand up to him in close combat.

In another flash, someone else is present. Sam is initially just mildly surprised and amused by Ivan's seeming show of cowardice: it is only Amelia. But, something isn't quite right. As she looks at him, her face seems to weirdly warp as if it were made of fluid. She then makes a weird smile, as if to happily acknowledge his presence, before turning back to face in the direction in which Ivan had started running. She lifts her arm, which then starts to transform into a sort of energy cannon, and she opens fire in Ivan's general direction.

Feeling a sudden sense of dread, Sam runs to Nathan and Emile and says to them, "OK, time to go!" before himself running off. Nathan and Emile get the idea, and quickly chase after him. As they proceed to flee, several other figures emerge from the jewel.

As much as Sam doesn't like the idea, it seems catching up with Ivan is his only hope of figuring out just what the hell is going on here.

They make their way to the lake where Ivan had set up a temporary base. Sam saw him standing there, in his usual outfit, as modified robots proceeded to load pieces of heavy equipment into shipping containers. Ivan looked surprised, "Sam?! Look, I don't want any trouble. Just let me recover my equipment in peace. All this stuff isn't cheap, you know!"

Sam responds, "Ivan! Just what is going on? Why did you just pop out of the huge jewel?", "Whatever do you mean? You just come along, wreck my robots, wreck my facilities, and you just destroyed my warship! Here I am, minding my own business, trying to recover some of my assets, and you just come along and accuse me of, well, whatever the hell you want to accuse me of doing. Well, I don't want any part of it. All I ask, at this moment, that you leave me in peace." Ivan, looking clearly flustered, gets in a Flying Chair and proceeds to fly off somewhere, presumably to another part of the lake.


=== A Terrible Mistake ===


A moment later, they hear a call from the nearby jungle: "Hey, over here!" They look over, and it is Ivan, looking as he did when he came from the jewel. They go over to Ivan, and he says, "It may come as a surprise, but I have made a terrible mistake.", Sam responds, "Really, who would have thought?", "I really should have never gone against you, we should have been friends, allies even. With my technology, we could have had a better world. But, my ambitions and arrogance ruined all this, and led to the near destruction of the world.", "So, what else is new?" Ivan looks confused, looking around and seeing the otherwise clear blue skies and lush vegetation. Ivan, "I see you fail to get my point. Where I am from, things don't look like this, not anymore. This world, as you see it around us, has been all but destroyed, and I wasn't able to do anything to stop it. It has all been reduced to a barren waste, as towers and machinery rose up and all but blocked out the sky." Sam, "What? How? By who?", "Well. By you. In a manner of speaking.", "In a manner of speaking?", "Well, you from my timeline. After one of our earlier encounters, you became, different, in a very bad way, and I could do little to stop you after this point. I fled with Emile, and together we have been trying to find a way to recover the situation. It seemed to us, that, in effect, you are the only one's who may be able to help us in our fight."

Sam asks, "I became different, how, exactly?", "Well, I assume you saw her, what was her name again?", Sam sighs, "Her name is Amelia. And, yes, I saw her.", "You became like her. In fact, you were the one who made her that way. After a fateful accident, I fled to Niberaux. When I was there, I met her. She was waiting there for someone, and we sat and talked for a while, and shared some food. She said there was someone she was destined to meet there, someone who would change the world, someone who would save it from destruction. It seemed you had followed me there, and as me and her sat there talking... You showed up. You grabbed her of the ground by the arm, and then embraced her and made out with her, as she struggled to break free. After you let go of her, she fell to the ground, choking and then convulsing, grabbing at her throat before seemingly having a seizure. As she did so, she began to melt away into a black metallic sand, and then reformed into the thing she is now. I was able to grab some of the Chronix Jewels and get out of there before Niberaux turned black, and started spreading a black sand on the landscape. As it did so, the vegetation withered away, and in its place large towers and other structures began to spring up. The black-sand was also able to take control of many of my robots. Me and Emile have been able to suppress its effects, so that if we get to them in time more people don't become like that, but we haven't been able to recover the damage done to our world."

Sam, "Yeah, I remember things going a little differently. So, what happened? What was this accident?" Ivan, "Not long after meeting you, and seeing your abilities, I started work on a robot, a near replica of you I had named RoboSam. To make him complete, I needed to get you around to make a copy of your energy signature, so that he could effectively copy your abilities. I had reverse engineered some very old robots in designing him, and admittedly I may not have fully understood all the technology I had used in his construction." So, "This means you are talking about RoboSam then, not me per-se?", "Well, in a manner of speaking, in my world, RoboSam is you. Shortly after activation, he started acting on his own, he chased you down, and he merged with you. Emile was barely able to get away, and he feels you are the only one who may be able to help us recover from this."

Sam, "But, RoboSam is just a robot right. I faced him before, and he basically just seemed like similar technology to your other robots, nothing that would be capable of, well, the sorts of things you seem to be describing here." Ivan, "That is basically what he was going to be originally. However, at one point I saw a man wandering alone in the desert. As he did so, he reached down and laid his hand on the fallen robots. As he did so, they would begin to recover, and within a short period of time would return to being fully functional, seemingly also able to heal damage that was inflicted on them. I called them back, and they seemed otherwise normal apart from their ability to regenerate, and the tendency for their contained animals to disappear. They would often drop bits of black sand, which is where things got interesting.", "How so?", "Well, at first I thought it was debris, like from rubbing metal and leaking oil, but closer inspection revealed it was able to replicate if given the right conditions. Give it some organic material and some energy, and it will replicate, turning any organic matter into more of itself. The seemingly indestructible robots were coated all over the inside with the stuff.", "So?", "Well, I tried a little experiment, and in the still incomplete RoboSam, I added a small jar of corn meal with a little bit of this sand mixed in. I intended to collect it later for observation, but after RoboSam was activated by you, when I went to retrieve it, it was gone. It wasn't long after this point that he went after you. After this point, then my robots started acting on their own, following the will of Sam rather than my own."

Sam, "Does it have a weakness?", "For small exposures, its progress can be slowed with strong magnets, and its activity can be slowed or disrupted via exposure to strong electromagnetic waves in the VLF band. It was after I started setting up large VLF towers that the other Sam started making a more active assault, and sand-contaminated robots who get too close to the radio towers will begin to melt. However, the other Sam and Amelia are a lot more resistant to this."

Ivan proceeds to pull a stack of metal bricks from his coat, and in a moment of hesitation touches them onto Sam, Emile, and Nathan, feeling relieved that nothing happens. He then breaks off one of the bricks from the stack, and proceeds to remove a roll of tape from his coat. Putting a piece of tape on the brick, he then proceeds to try to stick it on Sam, who backs up, "Ivan, what the hell are you doing?!", "These are magnets, one of the few defenses we have against them. I would rather be safe than sorry." He then tapes some magnets on Sam's arms, neck, and chest, and does likewise with Emile and Nathan. After this, he pulls out a roll of what looks like black duct-tape, and says, "And this, is magnetic shielding tape. It will help prevent them from taking notice of the magnets, and, more importantly, it will help keep the magnets from sticking together.", "Why should we care if the magnets stick together?", at which Ivan picks a small nut off the ground, and puts it between a pair of the magnets and slides them together. The two magnets then fly together and shatter into a round mass as the nut explodes, stating, "These are not weak magnets." He pours a black liquid onto the magnet ball, which turns into a spiky sphere.

He then pours some of the liquid onto the tape where he taped on the magnets, and the liquid crawls around and disappears into the tape, "This will help with magnetic conduction.", as Sam and Emile start to get a weird tingling sensation in their limbs. Sam, "What gives?", Ivan then pulls down his shirt some to reveal some similar tape with a rectangular bulge, and says, "This is just something we need to live with, you'll get used to it."

=== A Jump Across Timelines ===


After all this, a voice calls over a radio, with a bit of crackle. It sounds like a more tired version of Emile, who asks, "Are you about ready over there?", at which he responds, "Almost." He then pulls out a device, and sets up three metal poles in a triangle around them. He activates the device, and then the group finds themselves near some glowing pillars inside of a laboratory.

Another Emile is here, and he has a robotic arm and some other instances of cybernetic modifications on his head and chest. Sam and Emile are shocked at this run-down looking cyborg version of him, and the first Emile asks "What happened to you?" and the other Emile responds, "We haven't always been able to outrun them entirely unscathed." Ivan adds in, "He lost his arm to the sand before we were able to treat him, it could have been a lot worse." He asks, "How did it happen?" Emile looks hesitant, and then answers, "When we were trying to make an escape, Amelia grabbed me and tried to make a move on me. Luckily Ivan was there to knock her off, but not long after where she had grabbed me, my arm began to erode into sand. Ivan then put me under a big electromagnet, but he was still ultimately forced to amputate and then replace my arm." Ivan adds, "I was also forced to remove and cycle his blood between a series of magnet pairs in order to try and filter out any of the sand which remained in his system."

Sam hears sharp a whistle, sounding like it is coming from inside his head, which begins to somewhat bother him, he asks, "What is this ringing, it is really bothering me.", and he responds, "That is the VLF, another thing we have to deal with around here." He then points out the window at a number of very tall radio antennas surrounding the building in which they are currently standing. Outside, the shy is darkened, and the landscape is a dull gray color.

Sam asks Emile, "Do we have a plan here?" Emile then points at a shelf containing a few jewels with his robotic arm. He says to them, "We needed someone who was not afflicted or otherwise a part of our timeline, someone like you, to go back before all this and to hopefully prevent this whole chain of events from taking place.", "You think this will work?", "It should. We don't want to contaminate the past, and someone from outside our universe should be more resistant against changes to the timeline. If someone from our universe went back, it is quite possible they would be going in blind, would forget what it is they are trying to accomplish here, or cease to exist. Though, as can be noted by just you being able to be here, this is a threat that expands beyond just our universe or a single timeline."

As Emile pulls back his mechanical arm, it sticks and begins to chatter, before coming to rest at his side. Seeing that Sam had taken note of it, he says, "Not even normal machines are immune to the effects of the VLF, but it is still a lot better than the alternative."

Emile then gives Sam, the other Emile, and Nathan machines resembling small tablets with some additional modifications, saying "These should allow directing the time and place in which you arrive, as well as allowing for communication across the resultant timelines."

Emile then pulls the jewels from the shelf, and gives each of them a jewel, before instructing them how to initiate a jump. "Because we don't have much space here to safely run freely, we have come up with a stopgap measure for the initial time jump." It consists of a ring filled with rollers. "Well, you see, you get in this thing, and then the rollers roll you in a circle until you are going fast enough."

Upon seeing this, Nathan responds, "Oh hell no. I am not getting in that thing." Emile responds, "Would you rather wait here with us, and likely face your eventual demise or being converted into one of them?", "Not really.", "Well, there you go. You ARE going in that thing."

Sam proceeds to hit a button on the tablet, and goes into "the thing". Several seconds of incessant spinning later, Sam disappears. With hesitation, Emile and Nathan do likewise.


=== Sam's Jump To The Past ===


Sam finds himself back on Niberaux, seemingly just before everything turned bad. He then wanders around some, and finds Ivan and Amelia sitting around having a conversation on a picnic blanket. He walks up to them, and then tries to put his hand on Amelia's shoulder to get her attention. On contact, there is some weird jitter, and his hand manages to somehow miss or otherwise pass through her. They both look at Sam with a confused expression, as if he just popped out of nowhere right in front of them, and he says to them, "There is no time to explain, but you two need to get out of here right now. Another me is coming along, and it will not be pretty when he gets here." Ivan, with no delay in figuring out what Sam means by this, seconds quickly reiterates "We need to get out of here now!" and proceeds to quickly grab up the blanket and takes Amelia out of there as fast as he can carry her.

A few moments later, he sees a ghost image of Amelia and Ivan flash back where they were sitting, with the other Sam, coming up and grabbing the ghost Amelia, followed him briefly by looking at Sam with a shocked expression, his face warping and distorting as he moves, Sand Sam's arm being consumed by the ghostly after image, as Amelia and his arm now seem frozen in time. After a moment, this image poofs and disappears in a cloud of smoke along with Sand Sam. Sand Sam jumps back into existence a short distance away, walking away much as if had never seen anything and had just kept on walking.

After Sand Sam walks away, Emile shows up on the screen, and says to Sam, "Hey Sam, I don't think we sent you to the right place. Everything is still bad here on this end." Sam, noticing his clear lack of cybernetics, says, "Hey, Emile, Your arm and face!" He looks confused, he then looks at his arms and not seeing anything unusual seeming about them, asks, "What about them?", "They are back to normal!", "Oh, OK." A clearly unmistakable voice is heard over the speaker, and Amelia pops up in the background, "Oh, Hi Sam! Nice to see you again.", She then quickly turns her attention to Emile, caressing him and starts trying to make out with him. Emile then holds up his now normal finger, signaling for Sam to hold on for a moment before the channel closes. A short time later, the screen shows a new location in time and space.


=== Nathan' s Jumps ===


Off in Nathan' series of events, he finds himself back on Anglas. It is surprisingly peaceful, none of Ivan's crap anywhere to be seen, the Huge Jewel is in its place, as are the Chronus Jewels. Not seeing much point in hunting down some random task, nor really having a clear idea what he was supposed to be doing, nor wanting to run fast to try to initiate another time jump, just decides to relax at the base of the temple.

After a laying around for a while, the tablet starts making noise. He looks at it, and sees a pretty lady on the screen. Nathan, not recognizing her, responds, "Oh, hey pretty lady, who might this be?", clearly flustered, she responds, "Oh damn it Nathan, isn't there SOMETHING you were supposed to be doing there?!" Nathan, overpowered with an sudden overwhelming sense of not giving a crap, responds to her "Well, you know, there is /something/ I could be doing." She then looked rather disgusted that one of her friends could be so rude, responds "Seriously?! You know it is me and Sam right? Or, at least, it was..." She then looks rather sad, having lost the one she cared about to the sand, and gets up to walk away. Nathan then gets a good look of her as she does so, and sees that in a way she looks very much like Emile.

Amelia then gets on the screen, also displeased by Nathan rude conduct, and says to him, "Hey, why are you being so mean to Emily? Can't you at least try to be a little sympathetic for her loss, like girls have feelings you know." Nathan, responds, "Wait, that was Kitsan, as in, Emile Kitsan?!", "Emile? Her name is Emily, Emily Kitsan." He responds, "When I last saw 'her', just before my jump, her name was Emile, and she was a guy."

Amelia looks at some stuff on her end, and with a wave calls Emily back over. Emily was starting to realize this was not the Nathan she knew, and was looking at a screen showing the timeline display jittering wildly. Emily then talks to an older woman in the background, who sort of resembles Ivan but with a lot of cybernetic parts. She also looked at the screen and they talked among themselves. Nathan overhears Emily say to the old woman "Thanks Marie."

Emily then responds to Nathan coldly, "We need you to get out of there. Now! You have jumped back about 50 years too far, and the connection between you and your timeline is becoming rather unstable.", "So, what do you mean by unstable?", "By this, we mean you are not even anywhere close to your original universe."

They then closed out the conversation, with the view going back to the time jump screen. At this point, the Chronix Jewel started resonating. As he got up and started to walk down the steps, due to the unstable resonance this was enough to trigger a time jump.


Nathan then found himself back on the steps of the temple, but the sky was darkened and the jungle was dead with large black flowers reaching for the sky, with all of Ivan's crap mostly back where it was, and the huge jewel is missing.

The channel then opens up on the tablet, and it was back to being Emile. Emile, "Something weird has happened there, and your jump seems to have gone abnormally.", "Hey, cool, your arm is back to normal! But, you were hotter as a lady, and Amelia was looking pretty good as well, too bad!" Amelia, in the background, "You know, I can still hear you over there, right? And what is with everyone going on about Emile's arm? How about only I get to talk about Emile's arms, OK?...". Emile responds, "OK, Right, whatever. Can you wave the tablet around so we can see and hopefully have some idea where you are." Nathan does so, and Emile responds, "Oh, this is bad, very bad, you are in the future, we are sending you to another location now." This time around, Nathan was feeling much more willing to try to cooperate.

After the jump, Nathan then found himself trapped inside of a giant machine, more pointless Ivan crap, obviously. He taps on the screen, and sees Amelia there, "Oh, Hey Amelia. These jumps obviously aren't working out all that well. Can you just try to get Emile to send me somewhere, tolerable?", She responds, "Emile? Why would he be here? But, no, it is just me and Ivan, all by ourselves, just trying to enjoy our last moments alive, together. It looks like in another 45 seconds you be headed to a rather uneventful point in time.", "But, I was just talking to him there maybe a few minutes ago.", "Our Emile got turned into a walking cloud of dust months ago. Maybe Your Emile can make it so that this never happened." The screen then jitters, and Nathan pops up on the other side of the screen, "Oh wow, its me! How's it going, other me, I guess we're all still alive, holed up in this shack with Ivan. Ivan thinks this is all because someone broke into his lab a few years back, stole some of this ominous black sand before it started to show up pretty much everywhere." Someone else speaks up, "Ivan had called us here to investigate. From what we can tell, Ivan's old rival Snive went and managed to turn himself into a walking mountain of this stuff." Nathan responds, "Are Amelia or Emile there?", "No... Who is Amelia?".

At this point, having no idea what is going on anymore, Nathan resigns himself to just hanging out inside this giant machine for however long it has left, going wherever it is fate decides to send him. He then teleports back to Anglas, looking much as it did around the time he left. He sees the black sand versions of Sam and Amelia carrying off the huge jewel along with a sand version of Emile, all 3 of which have somehow gained flight ability, and Nathan lets out a halfhearted, "Oh! Damn it!".


=== Emile's Jump ===


Off in Emile's series of events, he lands and is headed towards Ivan's lab. He gets a message from his other self, who says, "Well, first off, before anything else. Oh look, I have an arm, isn't it amazing, oh, how long have I had this new shiny, arm, oh right, my whole life. OK, that said...", Amelia then jumps up on screen, "Oh, Hiiiiii, Other Emile!" as she does some slightly suggestive swaying, on the other end an annoyed Emile grabs and squeezes her hand slightly as a signal to back down, then rubs her arm reassuringly as she does so. Emile continues, "OK, you need to stop Sam from activating RoboSam. Whatever happens, he must not go near that 'reactor'!"

Emile gets inside ahead of Sam, and stands on the platform, blocking Sam's path, "Stooop! You must not do this! If you do this, very bad things will happen!", "Emile? What is this about? Weren't you just over...", Sam looks over to where Emile had been following him, and sees that Emile is still there. Sam is now feeling rather confused about the sudden arrival of two versions of Emile.

Emile continues, "You will have to believe me on this. This whole thing is a trap, not just Ivan's usual trickery, but even something he has not foreseen, something which will doom the future far worse than any idle threats of some RoboIvan, which we all know full well was just him in a large robot." Sam, "How are you there, and also over here." Emile, "I am from an alternate version of your future, I don't really want to say how it will go, only to say that, in this case, you need to go back, everyone's' lives depends on it."

Ivan is then heard over a loudspeaker, "Just turn the damn handle already!" Emile, annoyed, shouts back. "You, most of all! What if I told you that it is you who sent me back on this mission, you realizing most of all, what a disaster this particular incarnation of 'RoboSam' ends up becoming. Oh what was it, a little jar of self-replicating black sand?! Oh look, the jar is gone, now what, oh look, horrible monsters are now eating everything! Get my point yet?" At this point, Ivan realizes that Emile knows what he is talking about here, and says over the loudspeaker, "Yeah, he's right, RoboIvan was a hoax, sorry for wasting your time. You can head back now." A female voice then calls over the intercom, "Hey guys, I see you, my this has been a fun little adventure, hasn't it? But I guess we all gotta go home now."

Sam says, "Who is that?", and both versions of Emile shrug at roughly the same time. She responds, "Hi, I'm Sarah, you met me earlier. We were captive earlier, but, really, this was all just a big ploy to lure you both to Ivan's shiny new robot unveiling party. But, I guess this can't happen now." Ivan responds, "Yeah, Unveiling Party, well, why don't we all head back to my lab anyways, there will be cake and champagne, and lots of other snacks, even if I can't show off my new shiny robot yet due to... issues..."

Emile then sees shadows of the original activation of RoboSam, which proceeds to fade away from view.


A short while, the tablet starts making noise. Emile looks at it, and Ivan is on screen. "So, did we prevent the whole thing with Sam yet?", "Sam? He's right here.", Sam, "Heya, nice you are doing well! ... Damn it, Amelia, what are you doing..." Ivan, "Yes, Sam is fine, you are fine, Amelia is fine, Sarah is fine, ...", "Sarah? What is she doing there?" She then pops up and waves at him hearing mention of her name. "Yeah, Emile, she is my wife, why wouldn't she be here?" Emile, "You! Married! What?! Aren't you too busy taking over the world for that sort of thing.", "Well, no, world domination isn't really my thing anymore, and why would I turn down someone as sweet and nice, and fine taste in large robots, as Sarah here?... The problem, and what we sent you back for, was to prevent the black sand from falling into the hands of Julian Snive, a rival of mine, who turned himself into a world-destroying monster after exposing himself to it. He shows up to the party a few hours from now and breaks into my lab, you need to stop him. We just have no idea why you arrived several hours earlier than the target."

Emile, now shocked and dismayed, says, "Snive. Right. Well, I guess both of me are going to that party then...", "Yes, stated that way, it seems a little awkward. Well, don't skip out OK, and try not to get too hammered this time.", "OK, now you are saying I can't drink either.", "Well, last I remember, I think I saw 3 of you there, and all 3 of you were wasted when Snive broke in. Though, stated this way, it sounds almost like a lost cause to have sent you on this mission."

By the time of the party, Emile was thinking about how pointless it seems to try to change the future, and maybe fate isn't really something you can escape even if you change the specifics of the events which lead up to it. He meets up with another time-traveling Emile there, and they strike up a conversation over this apparent futility, debating whether or not it is in-fact possible to change all this. The Emile from that timeline shows up, after having drank a bit too much of Ivan's punch, and one the other new Emile responds, "You realize Ivan puts vodka in that stuff, right." A moment later, Ivan shows up worked up that someone just broke into his lab and stolen a bunch of his stuff. Ivan catches a glimpse of Snive flying off in a Flying Chair loaded up with stuff.

Ivan is annoyed, but is calmed down by Sarah, who brings him back to hosting the party, even if "That damn Snive" keeps breaking in and running off with his stuff, he responds to her, "Yeah, I guess you are right. Well, I may still need to call your father and inform him of the situation.", she responds, "No, not just yet." They then go off somewhere together.

In the background, unnoticed, an version of Emily sneaks around and stands there watching the others' with a confused expression upon seeing her male counterparts. She sees a confused looking Sam walking her way, and in happiness and excitement runs towards him and embraces him. As she holds herself against him they start turning ghostly together and then disperse into a cloud of smoke. Sam then reappears a short distance away refilling his cup from Ivan's large glass punch bowl, this version having no memory of having seen Emily.


=== Sam's Final Jump ===


After a few more time jumps, Sam finds himself in the desert. It is a place he doesn't recognize, but there are a lot of destroyed robots around, looking as-if he had been there.

In the desert he sees someone approaching. He is covered in robes. Remembering the story, Sam goes up to him. At this point, the wanderer reaches out and tries to put his hand on Sam, but an intense whistle is heard as the wanderer's arm crumbles into sand and then reforms as he pulls it back. The wanderer continues heading towards the battlefield, but now Sam is determined to stop him. As Sam approaches him, in various ways, waves of phantom images start appearing, but just as fast as they appear Sam can move to block the wanderer's new path. The wanderer tries to disintegrate and reform somewhere else, in the process leaving his robes behind. Sam manages to block his new location, causing him to reform back in his original location. Sam can see the wanderer, who now looks like an older and more worn down version of himself, a version who has been through a great many battles.

As Sam continuous moving, more ghost trails form around the wanderer, until they catch back up with him. At this moment, the older Sand Sam himself starts turning ghostly, and and makes a last ditch effort to dash towards one of the fallen robots. Sam gets in his path, and in this moment the Sand Sam explodes in mid air, into a mass of ghostly after images.

A lone surviving robot approaches, a robot who has seemingly been spared, over which Ivan's voice can be heard, "Sam?! Why are you so intent on always destroying my robots and ruining my plans? We could rule together you know.", Sam can see that this robot is also corrupted, and says in a calm voice, "This wasn't my doing this time. And, no, we can't be allies, and we can't be friends. And as for this robot, just the same, it must be destroyed." Sam then hits the robot, which then itself explodes into ghost trails and disappears, as all the other robots in the battlefield disappear and briefly reappear back in undamaged condition, and then again disappear entirely, leaving an empty desert. Sam finds that he himself is starting to jitter, and after a moment he is gone as well.


=== A New World ===


Sam awakens back at the base of the temple, where he finds himself back with Emile, having apparently dozed off. Waking up, he finds everything as it was, Nathan still doing his thing off by the huge jewel, wondering about this disturbing series of images in his mind, but everything around him seems fairly calm. Well, except for the silence being broken by a certain unmistakable shrill, "Sam!!!" It seems she has found him again, but after what he just went through, he decides to sit there and roll with it, it is still nowhere near as bad as all the things he has just seen.

Things are still a mess after his recent battles with Ivan, and the remains of his base still clearly visible. Emile then gets a video message, where Ivan shows up on screen, "Well, no hard feelings about you guys wrecking my warship and all, but, me and Sarah were wondering if you guys felt like coming over to our eldest daughter's birthday party. I am sure I can find some old junk to put out for Sam to do some 'destructive testing' on, maybe some newer junk as well... Oh, Damn it, Snive!!!" at which point the stream closes.

Nathan comes over, takes a good look at Emile, and Emile gives him an odd look. Nathan says, "I just had an odd sense to coming over here and check if you had just magically become a pretty lady, yeah, but it seems not. Still as dude as always."

Sam responds, "Wait? WHAT?!", but after a moment he calms down, saying to himself "just roll with it."

At the party, RoboSam serves drinks, him being a particularly expensive experimental robot that Ivan never could quite get working correctly, and Sam is underwhelmed by the selection of robots, and voices his opinion to Ivan, who responds "Well, you did just ruin my warship, I am kind of going to need to save costs for a while. I still need to pay back that loan I took out from Sarah's father to build the KillCruzer.", Sam responds, "You know, I still don't trust you with something like that.", and he responds, "Yeah, I know, you never did. But it isn't really like that now, I was just going to use it as a flying amusement park, like, you know, to make money. But now I have to pay back its construction costs, just now without the benefit of customers paying for admission. Maybe, if you let me, I can build another sometime. Like, a KillCruzer 2!", "Well, you could start by not calling it 'KillCruzer', That sounds a little, ominous.", "Come on man, it sounds edgy!", ...

Amelia and Sarah stand around, reminiscing about the picnic they all had together on Niberaux that one time, where Amelia and Sam showed up and first met.


And, so, it continues.


=== The Ivan who Was Never Enough ===


In a time long ago, there was a young adult male by the name of Ivan Kentov. He lived with his mother, Berta Kentov, in subsidized housing in Central City. His father, Vladimir, had left them, as there was only so much he could handle of Berta's heavy drinking, poor temperament, and general paranoia. Vlad was a prosecutor within the Federation's court system, and though Vlad and Berta were never formally married, they lived together for many years raising their son Ivan.

Ivan was working on being an amateur scientist, trying to live up to the memory of his grandfather Goran, who had died several years earlier after having been executed of treason for defecting to Arcornia and having taken Marie there with him when he did so. Berta had not taken Goran's death well, and this had contributed some to her drinking problem.

At the time, Ivan had a girlfriend named Mary, who he spent time with when he wasn't working on building robots. Unlike him, she didn't quite see the appeal of the robots, though things did get serious between them a few times.

For him, building the hardware wasn't that difficult, as he had access to a nearby scrapyard. From there, he was able to scavenge up a good supply of motors and scrap-metal, and had a lathe and milling machine which he had managed to cobble together from random junk.

Making an AI for the robots was a little harder though, as while normal processors and software could do a lot of the heavy lifting in operating the robots and processing commands, they were still lacking something. He observed that, even small animals, while not able to do much cognitively, were able to demonstrate abilities that AI could not, to understand their surroundings and respond in a way appropriate to what was happening around them.

He did a little experiment, capturing a squirrel and partially integrating it with the AI of a robot. Its sensory experience became that of the robot, and its desires for movement were fed back into the AI. A mostly non-invasive mechanism was used to both scan and stimulate neurons, allowing its mind to be virtually integrated with an artificial neural net, which was in turn connected to conventional code and signal processing. A life support system was used which supplies oxygen and nutrients via IV while also filtering out waste via dialysis, allowing the animal to be kept in place without needing to eat or excrete waste (its body largely encased in a shell made of open-cell urethane foam). Over time, it would atrophy and die, but this wasn't seen as a critical issue.

In the first tests, the squirrel's mind dominated over the AI, and the squirrel-controlled robot went into a panic over its new-found situation and the relative trauma it underwent. Ivan was then able to fine-tune the AI, to pacify the captured animal and suppress its emotions. With the animals' emotions sufficiently suppressed, the AI with its more regular and insistent patterns was able to take over. Its mind might try to fight back, but its machine parts would always return to the task at hand, and eventually the animal's mind will start to give in and become one with the machine.

Feeling rather pleased with himself, Ivan brought Mary over, and explained to her much of the technology involved, including showing some pictures of the squirrel laying unconscious in is foam prison with IV lines going into its limbs, and wires going into the rubberized cap which was glued to its head. He then proceeded to carry on a brief conversation with the robot, explaining that while it is the machine doing the speaking, it is the animal which is responsible for comprehending these thoughts, and to convert these thoughts into the desired behavior.

Mary, however, was much less optimistic, as he had by this action crossed the line from merely being a bit nerdy, to being, as she had seen it, someone a bit more gruesome and cruel. After this point, things fell apart, and Ivan didn't really see or hear from her after this.

Ivan's home situation continued to deteriorate, and he then went to move in with his older cousin Marie Kentov and her servant Chad, who was off living in Arcornia. There Ivan befriended an arthian named Chuck, who had been an assistant to Goran Kentov. Marie had been living with Chuck as he continued working on trying to devise a cure to her degenerative condition.

While Chuck wasn't able to devise a cure, he was able to devise a workaround, which was a process known as Cyberization. While the damaged tissue couldn't be repaired, much of it could be replaced, with the machine able to use nanomachines to rebuild parts of the body with artificial replacements. While basically functional, the machines were difficult to control precisely, and would often replace larger areas with artificial replacements than necessary.

Chuck had begun testing the process on animals, and was able to get the process to work, usually, without resulting in the death of the animal. He kept cages of cyberized animals around for observation, monitoring them for ill effects. He also had been investigating biological cures for her condition, and while these were not effective as such, they were effective at reducing the adverse side effects of the cyberization process.

Over time, Marie's situation continued to deteriorate, and after she was seriously wounded, he was forced to use it on her. Marie survived, but because by this point she had suffered extensive damage to her physiology, much of her body ended up being cyberized. She was alive, but bitter, that maybe had Goran still been alive, he may have been able to come up with a better solution. After Marie, the process was also applied to Marie's half arthian niece, Bonnie, who had also inherited the condition.

Ivan also became friends with another arthian named Jules, who was Chuck's younger brother. They were both about the same age, and Jules was part of the Royal Guard serving for the protection Arcornia's royal family. There Ivan also met Chad, who was Chuck's son and about five years younger than himself.

In time, Ivan was able to get a position as Chuck's assistant as a Royal Scientist, and they continued research with both cyberization and with the development of robots for defense purposes.

Ivan then also began investigating the potential for combination of cyberized animals with artificially-constructed robots, realizing this could offer a lot of the same advantages as a fully organic wetware but with fewer of its inherent drawbacks. The animal, or at least parts of the animal, could be transformed into a “core” which would not atrophy and would not die. Though, his early experiments quickly revealed there were a few issues to work out.


It carried on like this for a good number of years. Jules and his wife Eileen had a son they named Sam.

At that time, Arcornia went to war with their neighbors, and the Federation got involved helping the other side. Arcornia was soon enough overpowered and defeated.

Many within the Federation's leadership saw the arthians as an inferior species, and after capturing the Arcornian royal family, began a mass extermination of the arthian population. Ivan and Marie managed to escape, taking Sam and many of the other arthians with them. Marie was seriously injured during the escape as the group she was in was mowed down by machine gun fire and left to die in the streets. She was found by Chuck, who was able to use cyberization to save her life, but many of the others were not so lucky. Shortly thereafter, Chuck, Jules, and Eileen were captured and executed.

Many of the surviving arthians were sick or injured, and Marie elected to have cyberization used to save their lives. For the following years, cyberization was often the preferred treatment for most medical issues, as they lacked the resources for more effective medical treatment.

Sam, however, was not so understanding of the situation, and viewed this explanation more as an excuse to begin turning his people into cyborgs and seemingly lifeless robots.

Sam then set off on his own, and wasn't seen by them again for several years. When Sam came back, Ivan had fortified the area and set up a small army or robots as a way to deter the Federation, and if they did invade, as a way to lead them off course as to where Marie and the rest of the arthian population has been hiding. Sam instead proceeded to destroy many of the robots himself. 

The Federation forces began to secretly follow behind Sam, thinking he would lead them back to the stronghold of the Arthian Freedom Movement, but they were ultimately disappointed as the series of areas and heavy fortification ultimately led to a whole lot of nothing. When the Federation tried to capture Ivan at the end, they were disappointed to find that what they captured was merely a robot surrogate built to look like him.


Ivan had also begun a project to build a robot mimic of Sam aptly known as RoboSam, intended partly as a weapon to use against the Federation, but was unable to complete it. At this time, he had become romantically involved with Sarah, and so his plans to finish RoboSam and invade Niberaux were put on hold.

Things started to fizzle out after this, as his grandiose schemes began to fizzle out, and he started significantly cutting costs in the construction of robots and staging areas. Sam was, admittedly, a bit underwhelmed, but he too had found someone who had started taking up a lot more of his time, and things more often devolved into social visits between Sarah and Emily and a sort of friendly rivalry between Sam and Ivan.


=== Ivan met Sarah ===


Sarah had been around town one day, off doing some clothes shopping. Seeing as how she was part arthian, she was approached by Vanille and eventually asked to come to one of their meetings. Sarah initially wasn't all that interested, but lacked much better to do, so decided to go along anyways.

There, she was surrounded by mostly by arthians and half arthians, with Ivan and Marie as seemingly the only actual humans present. Ivan and Sarah took a liking to each other each initially unaware of who the other was.

Marie then did a presentation about the war between the Federation and Arcornia and the extermination of Arcornia's population, presented mostly in the style of slides and pictures.

Sarah was initially skeptical, having not heard about any of this, and her father being after all the acting president of the Federation. She went and mentioned this to her father, who was initially also skeptical. Things changed, however, when he pulled up the records and found that much of the information was blacked out, and what fragmentary information he did have seemed to line up with Marie's report.

Their acting president, himself partly of arthian descent, was horrified by the revelations. Similarly, when looking up the records of those who had been captured, he found that all were marked as deceased, as well as most of the members of the Kentov family line who had been living in Federation territory at that time.

The president then established a special group to begin covertly investigating the matter (independent of other parts of the Federation), both within the Federation, and to see if it is possible "The Movement" could be fabricating the details.

The teams report seemed to confirm the story, as well as them presenting pictures showing that the towns and cities of Arcornia were abandoned and mostly reduced to rubble.


Ivan, with the help of Sarah and the president, was able to use some of this to help bring public attention to the extermination of the people Arcornia, and got many of those responsible stripped of their power.

Marie, however, wasn't so easily satisfied, seeing the removal of a few generals as more of a token measure unable to measure up to the devastation which had been inflicted.


Later on, Ivan and Sarah were married.


At the wedding, Ivan's brother Theodore attended, along with his wife Madeline, their son Snive, and their younger daughter Agatha.

Snive worked as a researcher for the Federation, himself showing an aptitude for robotics and weapons research, and who was busy trying to reverse engineer the Cyberization process with limited success, and previously had worked on reverse engineering some of Ivan and Marie's captured technology, with the Federation then beginning their own manufacture of combat robots and robotic surrogates, though their secret attempts to build a working cyberizer tended to fail in gruesome ways, turning once living creatures into a writhing mass of flesh and metal which would soon enough come to a painful end. Worse yet, any naive researcher dumb enough to try to handle the aftermath unprotected would require their appendages to be quickly amputated or they too would soon face a similar fate.

Agatha idolized her uncle, Ivan, and had wished for her own army of robots. Unwittingly, however, Snive had used her friendliness with Ivan to siphon off information about The Movement from Ivan and to try to get access to his technologies, and this detail contributed to furthering the distance between Ivan and Marie, with Ivan later realigning on more neutral terms with the Federation.


=== Sam And Emily ===


After the arthians had fled Arcornia during the war, they set up a community on Phobos Island. They were led there by Ivan and Marie. Not long after though, Marie began a policy of cyberizing anyone who was in poor health. Those who were not cyberized were coerced into training as soldiers, and were forced to compete with those who had been cyberized. Many of those who remained were not able to keep up, and were then pressured into undergoing cyberization as an upgrade.

Sam began to notice that after the cyberization process, peoples' personalities changed. While initially subtle, who they were before would start to fade, and they would become like drones seemingly existing to do little more than follow orders.

Sam could keep up easily, but had deep concerns, and didn't like what he saw. His adoptive father Ivan seemingly became more distant, seemingly transforming into a more menacing figure standing alongside Marie and standing in support of her and her ambitions.

One day, Sam decided to flee. He tried taking a few of his friends with him, one of them wearing robes saying he didn't feel well. On the way, he grabbed Sam's arm and refused to let go. As sonic tried to pull free, he could see that his once friend had been cyberized, and was unwilling to let them leave, and had already alerted Marie of his plans to leave. Sam looked back and saw that the others had been captured by other cyberized arthians who had been waiting for them, and saw as they were being dragged away back towards the community.

Sam, by this point, was determined to leave. He broke free of the his once friends grip, and ran away from there as quickly as he could.



Some things Ivan had quietly done for Sam turned out to be useful in this case. During his prior training, Ivan had built some upgrades for him which increased his speed and strength. He had a sensation like someone was whispering in his ear and guiding him where to go, and when he got to the far side of the island, he found an old airplane. The plane originally didn't want to start, but he was able to hop out and crank over the propeller by hand. After a few turns, the planes' engine sputtered to life, it's rancid fuel having just enough power left to get him off the island.



He flew over the ocean, eventually making it to another island just as the planes' engines were starting to give out. He tried to make an emergency landing on the beach, but the soft sand gave way under the tires, turning it more into a crash landing as the plane was partly planted into the dunes on this white sand beach. Sam then lost consciousness in the process.

Sam awoke to find himself in a village surrounded by other arthians. There was relatively little technology beyond salvaged junk, and no one among them had been cyberized. He was a bit sore and bruised but otherwise in-tact.

He stayed with the villagers some as a guest, and occasionally wandered around in the jungles on the island. One day, not far from the village, he encountered someone singing. He stopped and watched, as a young girl in a skirt danced and sang into a makeshift mock-up of a microphone. Sam observed her quietly, but then managed to step on something and make a noise.

She noticed that someone was there, and in her timidity and shyness ran away back towards the village. Sam eventually got to know her a little better, learning that her name was Emily, and learned that she at least had a basic aptitude for mechanics.

Together, they worked on fixing up the plane, Sam teaching her more of what he knew, both about mechanics, and the technology which was around where he came from. Eventually Sam decided to leave the island and head to the mainland. 

By this point, Emily had developed feelings for him, and really didn't want to see him go. She convinced him to take her with him, and together they headed towards the mainland.



Things on the mainland were not been so dire as had been portrayed, and pretty much no one had even heard of Arcornia. Sam began to feel betrayed, as if his whole life had been a lie.



Their presence, however, had not gone entirely unnoticed, and the Federation had begun tracking Sam and Emily in the hope that they would lead the Federation back to the other arthians who had since been in hiding.



In time, Sam and Emily headed back to Phobos Island, but by this time Marie and the others had relocated, and the island was now covered with robots. Sam battled the robots and Ivan's mecha, all while the Federation traveled in behind them, cleaning up the remaining robots, and hoping to capture Ivan. After Sam had defeated Ivan, he tried to flee, but the Federation forces were waiting. They had seemingly brought Ivan into custody, but back in their base, when they began interrogations, Ivan simply shut off.


Upon closer inspection, they realized he was a robot all along. His skin looked natural, but was itself a composite of living tissue and a mesh of high-strength composite fibers. Likewise, much of his soft-tissue was organic matter also interwoven with fibers, all surrounding a robotic endoskeleton. As a result, this body was both bullet resistant and blast resistant, and the fibers were also strong enough to be resistant to being cut by a scalpel.


His brain was an AI processor being controlled remotely, and when given a remote command had destroyed itself, along with the integrated transceiver. This was all considerably more advanced than the other robots they had encountered.



Ivan then appeared on Deimos Island and later Anglas, and while defeated, each time the end results were the same. They were neither any closer to hunting down the displaced arthians, nor in capturing the leaders of the Movement. Seemingly even Sam didn't know anymore.



Following the events of Anglas, everything went quiet. Ivan was nowhere to be found, and Sam and Emily moved in together in a house just outside of Central City. Sam did his thing, and Emily became an aspiring musician.

One day, they met Amelia, who was mad at Sam for no apparent reason. Emily was concerned, and Sam assured her that he had no idea who this crazed pink girl was. Following the encounter, Sam and Emily decided to take off and head home, taking an indirect path so as to make it harder for her to follow them.

Not long after, the Federation's involvement in the Arcornian War was revealed, along with their covert actions on the various islands, and many of its leaders were charged with war crimes.

Later, Sam and Emily were invited to a meeting with the Federation President, and there they also met Ivan again. Sam was initially mistrusting and apprehensive, but both Ivan and the President had assured him that that they have come to a mutual agreement, and that they would like Sam and Emily to join them. Ivan then won Sam over by saying that there will be lots more robots for him to destroy, and lots more dangerous missions for him, should he accept. Emily didn't really like the idea, but where Sam went, she would follow.

While Sam was there, he couldn't help but notice the flirtations between Ivan and Sarah whenever the President wasn't looking, but Sam said nothing as it was none of his business.

Sam then was sent on missions, sometimes allied with Ivan, often to try to foil The Movement's plans and bring Marie in to justice.

On this front, Sam was also aided with tactical support from Agatha and Snive Kentov. Agatha was very skilled with maintenance and was rather into building and repairing robots.

Like Ivan, she sometimes entered combat situations remotely via interfacing her mind with a robotic surrogate body. While in the form of a robot surrogate, she retained her skills, but also had considerably increased speed and combat abilities, in addition to the ability to equip heavy weaponry.


They occasionally had run-ins with Amelia, but Amelia was someone who was better off avoided. Amelia was both fast and powerful, able to summon her war-hammer from nowhere at will, and to seemingly disappear and teleport from place to place. Neither Sam nor Agatha could capture her, and she would mostly stand around and taunt them from the sidelines, and would sometimes sweep-in and one-shot Agatha's robotic bodies, but would generally refrain from inflicting serious harm to actual people. Trying to face Amelia in a surrogate body though was basically asking to be taken out in a single hit, as seemingly somehow Amelia always knew, and would show no mercy.


Then, one day, they were out on a mission, and then Amelia popped in, grabbed Sam, and disappeared. Emily was scared, and no one was quite sure where he had been taken.



About a week later, she had thought Sam had been returned to her, but as she slowly discovered, this was not the Sam she knew, and her own Sam had been being held captive by Amelia.

Shortly, She, along with Ivan and the other Sam, went to rescue her Sam, and the other Sam returned home.


=== Epilogue ===


Shortly after, Ivan came by to check on Sam and said, "I may have found something interesting. When we found the other Sam, we found some hair on him. Some of it was from Andre Chat, some from Amelia, or a version of her, and some of it we thought was yours. But, on closer inspection of the genetics, we discovered it was not.", "So, who was it then?"

Ivan stalled for a moment, "Essentially, it was from your twin brother."

Emily responds, "But, I don't have a brother.", "Well, that is the funny thing. In some sense, you do, and in some sense, you are your brother."

"What do you mean?", "Well, in effect, you are a mosaic. You are dominantly yourself, mostly female, but a minority of your cells are genetically male. This other one, however, is the reverse; He is composed mostly of cells which are genetically male; but a minority are female cells. However, apart from gender, the genetics from both sets of cells are otherwise nearly identical, more like a clone than a sibling."


Not long after, Amelia came over, now a bit more reserved than her usual self. Emily wasn't exactly happy to see her, but she was trying to make an offering of peace between them, trying to apologize for all the harm she had caused them.

Amelia said, "But, hey, I brought you some food.", "No, we don't really want anything.", "But, it is fresh this time, like how you guys like it." Amelia then pulls a package of meat from a bag, and Emily takes a brief look before restating her disinterest.

Amelia says, "Well, if you really don't want it, more for me I guess." Emily responds, "Answer me this; Did you remember to refrigerate it after buying it?"

"No... Why?", "Because it is clearly already rotten and is crawling with maggots. We can't use it if it is like this.", "Well, your loss I guess. You can always wash them off."

Sam, having mostly recovered, comes to the door, "So, what exactly are you offering us?", and as he takes a quick look at the package, exclaims, "Oh, Dear! Hell No!" and then runs off.

Emily continues "You see my point.", "Yeah, I guess so.", as she puts the package back in her bag as Sam can be heard elsewhere proceeding to lose his lunch.


Ivan comes up to the door, and Amelia says to him, "No hard feelings, OK? Well, I will assume you don't want this package of meat? I also have a few packages of Funky Fish, Slender Sirloin, and Early Eggs.", "Yeah... I'll take a pass on those. No one in my family has a taste for that sort of thing either."

Amelia, "Well, not like I didn't make an offer." as she proceeds to head along her way.

Emily asks, "Pardon me asking, but what were some of those other products?" Ivan responds, "Not really something you probably want to experience. Imagine starting out with some fish, or sirloin, or eggs, adding some seasonings and flavors, and then you wait. How long exactly? Maybe months, maybe a year or more, typically in a controlled environment. Then it is usually packaged and sold. The result? Typically various forms of black slime. The exact color, smell, and flavor may differ, but the common underlying theme is that it is decidedly rancid."

Emily asks, "Who sells this stuff?", "These sorts of products were pretty widespread in Arcornia, but since the war companies have formed within the arthian community which continue to produce and sell these sorts of products. Stop by Arco Market sometime and you are sure to find your fill of all the smelly rancid meat products you could hope to desire." "Or I could just eat some roadkill if it came to it." "Yes, but the quality control and selection is much worse for roadkill; You are also much more likely to experience a food-borne illness as a result." "I am not being serious." "I would hope not."


The normal arthian diet, however, is typically high in protein and is primarily carnivorous. However, some human foods are unpalatable to many arthians, and some arthian food is similarly unpalatable to humans.

One example could be a product named 'Funky Fish', where fish is seasoned and then aged to a point of becoming rancid. Few humans are brave enough to eat it, and many of those who try typically soon regret their decision. While Amelia enjoys the product, she has found that she can't eat it in public with other people around, otherwise she soon finds them giving her nasty looks as they proceed to clear the area.

Sam and Emily, however, will both turn up their noses at an offer from the otherwise surprisingly wide selection of rancid meat products. Like many modern arthians, they had adopted a preference for a more human-like diet, seeing things like processed food and refrigeration as freeing them from these sorts of relics of the past.


Not long after, Sam and Emily were married. Together they had a son they named Marcus. He looked very much like Sam, inheriting a similar charcoal fur color.


Amelia later has a daughter she names Amanda, and then mostly retires from being a mercenary. Amanda's fur was less reddish than Amelia, her fur being closer to strawberry. Amelia remains alone, but gives herself more children via “samples” she had collected during the time she had captured Sam. Most guys she tries approaching tend to run away.


The Movement carries on, but settles down and becomes re-established as Neo Arcornia. By this time, the widespread use of cyberization has largely been abandoned as inhumane.


Nathan remains loyal to the Federation, becoming a relatively well known and respected archaeology professor. There he meets and later marries another archaeologist, a light furred arthian named Chloe, who was secretly actually spy working for Marie. Together they have a son they name Guy.


Ivan and Sarah also have a son they named Julian after Sam's late father. Unlike his older sister Runia, he could more easily pass for human on casual inspection. Like Ivan, he carried on in the tradition of building robots and airships, and inherited much of Marie's manufacturing facilities and ended up taking up a leadership role within the arthian community after Marie passed on. Julian sometimes came into conflict but was generally on friendly terms with his cousin Agatha and sister Runia, who remained more loyal to the Federation.

