= Theta Arcornia: Empress =


=== Prelude ===

Amanda was 19 and living an apartment in the city of Port Ariane. In many ways she took after her mother, Amelia.

Port Ariane is located on the southeast of the continent they live on, near the old border between Arcornia and Povoskia. It was formerly part of Arcornia but after it fell during the war, the whole area came under the control of Povoskia.

Much of the eastern side of the continent is Povoskia, which is also the capital nation of the Federation. Previously, Arcornia was at the south of the continent, sharing its borders with both Povoskia to the northeast and Poivrecornia to the northwest. To the north of Arcornia, there is a border between Povoskia and Poivrecornia, and following the war most of the Arcornian territory fell over to Poivrecornia, which controls much of the continental interior and is thus the geographically largest of the nations.

Also to the Northeast of Arcornia and within Povoskian territory is Niberaux Lake, over which Niberaux would appear frequently, and for a longer period of about one week once per year. However, for unknown reasons Niberaux had ceased its normal reappearance roughly 30 years earlier, with pictures and murals made by those living in the area as the sole evidence for what once was.

There is also the nation of Seltara which is located on the western side of the continent, nearly the opposite to Federation capital of Povoskia.

There are several other smaller nations on the northern side of the continent, in addition to a number of island nations. Their world has one major continent simply known as the Mainland, with other landmasses mostly as a number of scattered islands.

The larger of these islands is Anglas, located to the southwest of the mainland, and is roughly 700 miles across. The geographic location of the temple on Anglas is directly on the opposite side of the planet from Niberaux Lake, and Anglas is notable for its wide and varied collection of ruins and ancient machinery. Much technological development had been fueled by the work of archaeologists attempting to understand these structures and machines, but ultimately their purpose remains mysterious.

Placed around the world in a pattern of gigantic hexagons is a number of smaller islands, each with their own temples and ruins, though typically far less extensive than those on Anglas. These islands are typically around 50 to 100 miles across, each roughly circular with a temple at their geographic center. These temples are typically small stepped pyramids with a Huge Jewel in the top chamber. While the Jewel in Anglas weighs an estimated 30 tons, the jewels in each of the smaller temples are only 8 tons. Despite their large size and weight, the jewels seem to levitate within the structure and emit a near constant glow. There is also an energy field near the newels which is problematic for those who go near them. One has to be very careful about not bringing metal objects into the main room of the temple or the object might get caught up and flung around the room before typically ending up embedded into one of the walls.

Meanwhile, Back in Port Ariane, Amanda had a thing for a guy named Marcus despite Amelia advising her against chasing after him, though for reasons Amelia never cared to explain in much detail. Amanda knew she would run into Marcus again, though it was unclear where her path would lead from there.

Marcus was around the same age as she was, and was also living in Port Ariane. He had friend named Guy who was several years younger.

Amanda would go around and casually "bump into" Marcus and Guy as they went along doing their thing in the town. They were going around as usual, generally avoiding paying much attention to her.

One day while walking along the street, just a ways up the street from the cafe and the clothing shops, she encountered a small green jewel laying on the ground. She had seen jewels like these before, usually in the possession of Amelia, who had large numbers of these placed end-to-end into notches and held between strips of foam, but she didn't really know what they were used for. She picked it up, and could sense it had power. It was a little stronger than many of the others she had seen. She tried to use the power of the jewel to see if it could say anything to her about her future, but instead of seeing the future she saw glimpses of the past. Doing this also released a pulse of energy.

This flash got the attention of an arthian named Daniella, who could also sense the energy released from the jewel. Daniella had been in town on shopping trip with her mom, Vanille, and was about six years younger than Amanda. Daniella was a bit large for her age, seemingly already the size of an arthian adult, but Amanda didn't take too much notice.

Amanda then closed her hand around the jewel, and it sparkled and disappeared. Daniella looked intently, surprised at the disappearing jewel. "Where did it go?", "Would you like to know?" Amanda then demonstrated another of her abilities by holding out her hand, and with a swirling of sparkles summoned a large war hammer. Daniella was amazed at this display.

Amanda said, "I got this war hammer from my mom. It was an item passed down in the family." Daniella, "Is it heavy? It looks heavy." Amanda, "Not really." She sets it down on the ground, and as soon as she lets go, the concrete under the war hammer cracks. Daniella tries to pick it up, but is unable to move it. Amanda reaches back down and picks it up, and says, "It is a bit large though, so I store it in my own special place." The war hammer then sparkles and disappears. Daniella, "Where does it go?", "It is not somewhere easily explained.", Amanda reaches out and touches Daniella on the shoulder, and after a flash Daniella sees a place. It is a dark sea of swirling fluid. After a moment, Daniella can see into the space, seeing the war hammer along with a lot of other stuff floating around. Things slowly change around as the space continues to swirl and deform. Daniella can almost see hints of people and places in the fluid, but as she reaches for them they warp and disappear. The fluid within the space seems to be flowing into and through a jewel. As she touches it, it flows onto her arm and then into and through her. She feels 'different', and starts to realize she can't breath, and after a moment begins to panic, and tries to run away from the flowing fluid. After another flash she finds herself up in the air, above Amanda. Amanda is looking up at her, with a surprised expression. Rather than falling to the ground, Daniella finds that she is gliding. After a short while, she makes her way back to the ground. She asks Amanda, "What was that?!", "It was just a little glimpse. But when I tried to bring you back, suddenly you were up in the air."

Daniella was still a bit confused, and neither of them knew how she was now able to glide. Daniella didn't complain too much though about her newfound power.

After a while, Vanille came up to retrieve Daniella. Vanille was arthian yet much larger than a normal arthian, nearly the size of a full grown human. After some funny looks from Amanda, a normal looking arthian only about half her size, Vanille feels slightly self-conscious about her size. She admits to Amanda that some of her ancestry had included humans. Amanda has some reservations about the idea of such relationships between humans and arthians. Vanille, as if sensing Amanda's thoughts, explains, "Humans and arthians aren't much different. We live similar lives, and are biologically compatible. Is it really so strange?"

Vanille then says to Amanda, "Also, say hi to Amelia for me. I haven't seen her in years.", "You know my mom?", "Yeah, we were friends going back a long time. Though, I haven't seen much of her in recent years."

Later on, Amanda and Daniella meet up with Marcus and Guy, with Marcus being aloof as normal. Guy and Daniella then go off and mostly start talking among themselves, as they already knew each other. Daniella starts showing Guy her newfound ability to jump up in the air and glide to the ground. This prompted a surprised look from Vanille, who lacked any such gliding ability, and abilities like this tend to run in families.

Daniella ends up often visiting Amanda, and Amanda quietly teaches her how to hold her own in a fight, which she keeps quiet from both Marcus and Vanille, Amanda realizing that Vanille doesn't much approve of the thought of her daughter being involved in armed combat. Vanille has enough of a hard time as it is with her daughter so often hanging out with Guy who is roughly four years older than Daniella. Both Amanda and Daniella find that they have something in common in that in some ways they need to keep up a facade. Despite appearances, Daniella isn't as meek as she looks, and Amanda isn't quite so innocent.

Despite Vanille's long history with The Movement, she never mentioned this to Daniella. She felt she wanted her daughter to be free of the sort of life she and those around her have had to live with. She wanted her to be able to live the peaceful life of a normal citizen. Vanille tried to keep up the image that she was an otherwise normal and peaceful citizen, rather than her secret life as a spy and as a recruiter.


=== Amanda's Encounters with Julian ===

Amanda and Daniella were walking back to Amanda's apartment together one day after going out shopping. On the way, they encounter a robot who had seemingly waiting for them. The robot asks Amanda to follow him as she has been summoned for an official meeting. She isn't really interested and refuses to cooperate with the robot.

The robot responds by grabbing Amanda and then flies off while carrying her. As she is being carried off by the robot, she sees Marcus on the ground looking up at her. Marcus watches her being carried away but does nothing, and Daniella can be seen running up to him to describe what happened.


Amanda is then forced into a cell by the robot. She is put off by the dreary appearance of the cell, and she has thoughts about food. She was just out shopping, and was looking forward to having a friendly dinner with Daniella, who was then going to try to invite over Guy, and by extension, Marcus. However, this wasn't going to happen if she is just randomly locked up in a jail cell.

The cell is a dimly lit cage with steel bars. Outside the cell, she sees some other cells, and some random pieces of disassembled machinery strewn about as part of the area was also being used for performing maintenance. She tries to grab the bars to break out of the cell, but as soon as she touches them she feels the strength drain from her arms and finds she unable to bend them. As she falls back on the floor, she notices that her hands are covered in salt. She tries to pull out her war hammer but finds that she is unable to do so. As she tries harder, the salt on her hands begins to crackle and pop.

Julian goes to her cell, and says to her "Sorry about all this. There was a mix up and you ended up down here by mistake. These robots aren't very smart sometimes." She responds, "Why have you brought me here, I had things I was going to be doing about now."

He responds, "Well, as you know, your mother was an important figure in the formation of Neo Arcornia. We have recently been in contact with her, and she recommended you for what we had in mind. Why not come with me, and we can talk about it."

Julian figures Amanda probably hasn't eaten anything for a while, and so offers her food and drink before describing what he had in mind.

It is all pretty fancy, so Amanda eats a lot of the fancy food, and drinks a lot of wine. He then tries to portray his projects and activities in a positive light, subtly implying Marcus as someone who doesn't really know how to have a good time.

Julian is a few years older than Amanda and Marcus, but has inherited a robotics empire and is now the de-facto ruler of The Movement after Marie's passing. He is also served by Chad, as an old family friend and adviser. Chad was the logical leader, but declined a leadership role due his advancing age and instead focused on teaching Julian in the ways of leadership and military strategy.

What Julian fails to mention, however, is that him abducting her wasn't the mistake, but rather that the robot was rather ungraceful about it and took her to the prisoner holding cell; rather than being more charming and carrying her up much more elegantly to a fancy room where he would have made a more dignified entrance, followed by him giving her a tour of his ship.

Part of what he was saying to her was a fabrication though, in that there wasn't actually a mission for her, and while he had been talking to Amelia, and while they had been talking about Amanda, the conversations were generally more of a personal nature.

It started sometime earlier, where Amelia had basically been playing matchmaker, and pitched the idea of setting Amanda up with Julian to both Julian and Ivan. Ivan felt unsure about the idea, but Julian was more optimistic, as he already had some feelings for Amanda even if he hadn't really acted on them. Amelia gave suggestions about how he could set some things up aboard his airship, some of which seemed a little strange and oddly specific to Julian.

What Julian didn't realize though, was that he was already giving Amanda a lot more attention than she was used to. Marcus always blew her off and hardly ever paid much attention to her, and she was getting a bit overwhelmed with all the attention she was getting from Julian. This was in turn working in combination with her starting to get a little bit wasted from all the wine she was drinking.

She really didn't care as much about all this stuff one way or another, about missions or projects or the false eloquence he was trying to pull off. For her, her interactions with The Movement was just another part of the world she grew up in, much the same as keeping some of her other activities hidden from the Federation authorities.

For her, things were a little more simple, and she had her feelings towards Julian swayed by the large petting zoo he had aboard the ship. The petting zoo was actually an animal holding pen, but it had a few cosmetic changes in preparation for Amanda's visit. He had brought in some other types of animals besides the cows and pigs which he would normally transport, put up some faux wooden structures and fences for a more farm like aesthetic, meanwhile covering the steel floor in a layer of dirt and hay to add to the aesthetic.

In the layout of this area, Amelia had gotten specific that there should be an extra thick pile of hay near the door where they would leave from. Julian didn't see the point, as it didn't seem to help much with the aesthetics. He did so anyways even if he didn't add quite as much as Amelia had suggested.

While they were there Amanda pet some goats and gave them food pellets, and with their tails wagging in excitement more pellets fell out the other end. There was this amazing property with goats that, as much food goes in one end, a roughly equivalent amount comes out the other end.

Nearing the end of the tour, having her limits about reached, Amanda suddenly decides to pounce on top of Julian and starts making out with him. He didn't exactly fight back, as he hasn't really had a whole lot of luck with the ladies, and this whole thing was kind of a new experience for him as well. They then fall down together on top of the pile of hay, and with a bit of a thud, Julian has the realization that having a little more hay right there could have been useful right then.

Amanda continues to squirm and fondle him, wrapping her legs around him, undoing his pants and moving her panties aside, and, suddenly, he was in. He lays back as he is ridden by Amanda, and she felt too good for him to fight back now. She continued on for a little longer as he found his release inside of her. She then began laying down on top of him and stroking her hands on his face before passing out. As she passes out, she flops over onto the pile of hay. After a moment, Julian cleans himself up some and redoes their clothes. He then carries Amanda off to a proper bed, checking back on her a few times to make sure she was still doing OK.

The next day, Amanda wakes up, feeling a hangover from her night of drinking. She then feels herself and remembers what happened the night before, the memory of the night before seemingly pulling her fingers deeper inside and she can almost feel the residual stickiness as she imagines the rush of fluid within her abdomen. She then also has brief flashes of what the future could hold for them. She then feels a mild sense of shame, but at the same time, this experience wasn't all that bad for her. While Julian was nice, and in that moment she let her desires get the better of her, she still had her heart more set on Marcus.

Julian comes in, himself a little embarrassed about the night before and was sort of hoping she didn't remember what happened. He offered her some coffee and breakfast, and to drop her off back at her apartment afterwards. She then agrees.

She adds some alcohol to her coffee to help with her hangover. Julian offers food, in the form of egg and sausages. There are a few moments of awkward silence between them as they are faced with silently acknowledging that they both remember what happened. However, neither of them really wants to face with being the first to openly acknowledge it.

They then talk about other things, with them talking about things more as how Julian had originally intended. He sort of had a script worked up, where he would offer her a role working with him in The Movement, and that Amelia had recommended her for this role.

They agree to keep in contact. Afterwards, she is dropped off back at her apartment.

Her friends are happy to see she is back, and she tells them some things about her experience, albeit she fabricates some details and leaves out others. She tells them that the robot had mistaken her identity and had taken her by mistake.


=== Next Months ===

Amanda, unlike her mother, was unable to perceive or alter the flow of time. With the situation she soon found herself in, she felt she had to act quickly.

Amanda persisted in trying to come on to Marcus, a little more overt than before, but he continued rejecting her advances. Eventually, when it was reaching a point that it could no longer be kept hidden, she had to admit something to him: She was going to have a baby. His response to her was "Why are you chasing after me then, we both know it isn't mine." Her feelings are hurt, and she didn't want to admit to him who the real father was.

Lacking anyone else, she tries to pass it off on Guy. Marcus was like "Yeah, whatever." He didn't believe her on this, as he already knew that Guy and Daniella were secretly together, and that neither Amanda nor Guy were interested in the other. She then tried coming on to Guy, but his response on seeing her acting like this was along the lines of "I know you don't think too highly of me, but I am not that stupid." She responds, "But, can't you just pretend it is yours?" Guy responds, "No."

Guy didn't want to admit openly to her about what was going on between him and Daniella, but personally he would much rather choose Daniella over Amanda. Even if Guy were to go along with this, and even if it were all pretend, it would invariably come back to bite him later, and this was not something he wanted.

Guy mentioned their conversation to Marcus, Marcus responded "I thought as much, but this does leave the question of who it was. Let me know if you find anything."

Lacking many other options, she eventually ended up admitting her situation to Julian. They then ended up meeting together fairly often after this, with Julian happy with the new found attention, along with the thought of them having a family together. He didn't admit it openly, but this was sort of what he had been hoping for all along.

Guy had been keeping a watch on her, keeping watch of where she went, noting how she was meeting with Julian, and how they interact, and their occasional public displays of affection, which over time began to be displayed with less reservation.

Guy eventually goes back to Marcus, "Yeah, she's been, uhm, going at it with Julian.", "Seriously? Julian?!" For many other people, Marcus might not have cared all that much about it either way, him tending to see Amanda's advances as more of an annoyance, but for him, going at it with Julian was going a bit far.

Marcus was not supportive of The Movement, nor of Julian. As their acting leader, he was an enemy of the Federation. Although Marcus and Amanda knew each other, Amanda had never openly mentioned her involvement with The Movement, as this was something of an underground secret even among arthians despite much of the arthian population in Port Ariane being associated with them. Likewise, Marcus neglected to mention that he worked as an informant for the Federation authorities, and if he were to follow their rules he would be expected to turn her in.

However, if he were to report her, likely she would be arrested and imprisoned if not executed. He wasn't personally interested in her partly because he already knew she was his half sister, but as such, he also didn't want to see her needlessly subjected to a life in prison or dead. He also didn't want to turn her in as he didn't want to have this sort of guilt on his hands.

After this point, they generally refused to talk to her. If they continued to socialize with her, and if she was caught or it came up that they knew about her ties with The Movement, they would also be guilty in the eyes of the Federation for failing to report her actions to them.

Amanda didn't stay around very long in Port Ariane after this, and she soon ended up permanently moving in with Julian aboard his airship. The next months were happy for them, as they planned their future.

As for Julian, since his first encounters with Amanda, he had started rethinking some things, and had been moving away from using animal based cores for his robots. Julian then modified and concealed some of his older records which had shown that he had been using the older methods of incorporating animal-based wetware into his robots as originally developed by Ivan and Marie, and started trying to act like he had been using artificial cores all along.

The new cores would copy some of the essential elements from the animal based cores, but would be otherwise purely artificial. The cores were made essentially using multiple processor dies in each module, with each die implementing a number of processor cores with embedded neural-net units and local blobs of memory.

The processor cores implemented an instruction set with a 32-bit address space and a 32 bit native word size, but otherwise consisted of fixed-width 16 bit instruction words, and 16 registers. It basically worked, but as a consequence, loading larger constants typically required a chain of instructions, loading the constant 8 bits at a time. The main alternative was to load constants from memory, but this was undesirable as a memory load typically took a larger number of clock cycles than using an instruction sequence.

Near branches would have an 8 bit displacement, allowing for a displacement range of around 128 instruction words. In order to branch to a longer distance, it was necessary to load the displacement into a register and perform a register-relative branch.

While not perfect, this was a compromise to allow cheaper processor cores compared with the variable width instruction set used by the Federation. This other more common processor type had used instructions which were either 16 or 32 bits, and came in variants with both a 32 and 64 bit native address and word sizes, and had allowed the use of 32-registers.

Various languages existed to abstract over the specific instruction sets, but most people there had been using a language which resembles an older variant of C. The basic syntax for the language had been discovered within the various ruins, in markings on the machinery and in the ancient tomes found within, and had inspired most other languages in use. Many of these ancient tomes had contained user manuals or technical documentation written in the ancient language, and in developing their own technology, many of these ancient tomes were followed almost religiously.

Few people there, unlike our world, seriously considered trying to go the direction of just piling endless new features onto the language, as this results in languages which are very difficult to write compilers for, and which would take a long time to compile. While they couldn't implement everything in the tomes, they could implement enough to make their machinery work, able to find the main important aspects.

As such, much their computer technology might be almost recognizable, complete with an 8 bit byte, the same basic ASCII characters, and what would be recognizable as a RISC style instruction set.

Likewise, they had magnetic disk media, and CRT displays. However, their removable disk media was different in that it consisted of a 7 inch aluminum disk within a solid cartridge with a capacity of around 1GB. When inserted, a metal slide would reveal a narrow slot allowing access to the disk surface. The magnetic heads would then ride in this slot only a short distance from the surface.

Their displayed looked similar to the CRT displays formerly used in our world, but had a functional difference in that they only used a single electron gun and did not use a shadow mask. They would instead achieve color by alternating the colors along each scanline. As a result, the vertical color resolution and color phase of the monitor was often a specific property of the display and had to be kept calibrated appropriately for color images to be displayed. The basic pattern consisted of having alternating pairs of main primaries, with a small amount of the other primary spaced between the scanlines.

Typically, the scanlines were organized in the ordering Red, Green, Blue, Green, and as such there would be some Blue between Red and Green, and some Red between green and Blue. The result of this additional primary was that it could allow a well calibrated display offer some additional color resolution via encoding the colors differentially, and would also cause a non-calibrated display, or one to a computer with monochrome output, to display a more consistent black-and-white image.

Display at a lower resolution would be possible by subtly shifting the scanlines up or down to match with the desired color, and display at higher resolutions by the use of modular filtering. All this was done using analog electronics within the display.

A typical sort of system a normal person might be expected to have would have a roughly 500 or 600 MHz clock speed and around 256MB of RAM. Some higher-end systems had 800MHz and 512MB. This was mostly taken for granted as their technology has been at roughly this level for centuries.

Instead of climbing the hill of ever increasing hardware stats, effort was made to keep code small and efficient enough that it could be recompiled in a reasonable time-frame and operate within the resource limits they had available.

The robots Julian had been building had generally contained a larger number of cores with the memory divided up into smaller pieces. The total RAM in the robot was divided into a number of 16MB segments, which were spread among groups of cores. Additionally, there was a shared 16MB segment for the main firmware ROM, and some segments would be mapped to non-volatile memory.

The robots generally had processor cores with a peak theoretical performance of around 25000 MIPS and about 100 GFLOPS, 256MB of distributed local RAM, 1GB of shared RAM, and around 24GB of non-volatile storage and was fabricated using a 400 nm process. This construct resembles an oil-cooled sphere roughly 10 cm in diameter and weighing roughly 1kg. The surface contains a large number of small indents and holes, and is suspended within the oil bath via a large number of spring-loaded pins pressing into the various pads. The oil is then pumped and cycled through a radiator.

One drawback of these cores, however, was the time and cost of producing them, which was a factor which limited production speed of the robots which used them. Other robots had been deployed with cheaper and less powerful AI cores, which had the advantage of reducing cost, but these robots would require other smarter robots to be in their immediate vicinity in order to use more advanced AI capabilities by sharing the workload among multiple robots. These more advanced networked AI features, however, were typically disabled in the robots that were sold to others.


== Next Years: Rise of the Neo Arcornian Empire ==

Shortly thereafter, Amanda and Julian had married and they gave their new daughter the name Zilia. She looked mostly human apart from her pink ears, long pink hair, and tail. Her face was also human, with her having human eyes more like her father. Chad takes kindly to Zilia, and ends up devoting a bit of time in teaching her how to use her abilities from an early age.

Amanda had since become distant with her old friends, long since bitter about the rejection she had faced before.

Julian ran a front company known as Yule Enterprises, which was officially based out of Port Ariane but relied on Marie's older manufacturing facilities. Yule had a front office, along with executives and a CEO, all human of course, but their true purpose for being there to be a front to sell military robots to the Federation. They got paid, and didn't ask too many questions about where the robots were made or where the money was going. They were business people, and the business aspect was constructed well enough that they honestly believed they were the ones' in charge, naively failing to realize that it was the elusive lead engineer, Julian operating under an assumed identity, and the product line with its outsourced manufacturing facilities, which were the true company.

Amanda was also invested in the project, dealing with many of the matters of business strategy and economics, but did so more behind the scenes as the executives would not respond well to realizing their whole operation was being run behind the scenes, much less by an arthian woman, and that they were there merely as puppets.

Julian's role was a little easier, as despite his otherwise short stature and homely appearance, he could assume a human identity without them noticing. To these executives, he was seen as a lowly engineer by the name of Gerhard Vielnov. His records and identity were faked, and occasionally some of their spies were used as actors to help keep the charade alive.

Doing as business people do, they tried to find ways to increase their own share of the profit, or to find cheaper alternatives for manufacturing the robots. They had a hard time understanding why most of the money needed to go to manufacture rather than lining their own pockets as payment for all their business expertise. These efforts, however, were quietly but consistently derailed. No alternative manufacturing facilities could make these products, and when new facilities did present themselves, these were either new plants or other shell companies created by The Movement, which much the same continued to absorb a majority of their revenue.

Most of the money from selling the robots and other equipment was being funneled back to The Movement, using the funds to help them expand and build up their own military power base.

These robots tended to have neither strong AI capabilities nor wetware, as the Federation saw the robots purely as military equipment. Julian in turn gave them simple state-machine AI's, seeing this as fitting for them being used by the Federation as dumb machines. There was little to gain in giving a good AI to people who were unable to appreciate its abilities, or being sold to those who would soon be his enemies.

Agatha ran a company named Garanette Industries which was the previous main supplier of Federation military robots. They were suspicious of the new upstart Yule, but could never prove anything, and couldn't really compete on price due to the higher costs of labor and materials within the Federation. As a result, they soon started loosing many of their contracts to Yule. They needed to pay human workers to run their machines, and needed to pay for refined materials rather than having their own army of autonomous robots busily turning the landscape into strip mines and open pit mines.

This was in part because much of the mining was also being done by another shell company set up by Julian, and as it so happened Yule would get the materials for nearly free compared to what they cost on the open market. They had priced the materials just cheap enough to undercut their competitors, who were in-turn suffering under the weight of paying their workforce and the artificially inflated fuel prices needed to run their machinery.

As Julian and Amanda increased their share of the control over the Federation's industrial base, the Federation began to find themselves at an economic disadvantage for reasons that remained elusive to them, never quite piecing together the extent their infrastructure had been replaced with a system controlled by their political enemies.

Yule also equipped the The Movement's military with the same models of robots, serving as a false front as if he were independently selling them to whichever side was willing to pay more. While this ended up costing a little more than had the robots just been made for The Movement directly, it did have the advantage of giving more plausible deniability as to why The Movement had large numbers of these robots. As long as the shipments were big enough, no one would ask too many questions as to how the number of robots on their side would increase several times faster than they were ordering them.

Julian began working on a line of semi-sentient surrogates, but these ultimately proved ineffective on this front. They used an AI which partly relied on a neural interface linking it back to the operator. This allowed them to sense and act on their motivations, and to follow their intentions while not necessarily always requiring direct control over its behavior. This was intended to allow it to act in the moment. But even as such, the surrogates managed to start to develop a will of his own, and began thinking and acting different from what was directed by the operator.

After these events, Julian had no other option but to put this project on hold as he continued relying on more stable and predictable robots with non-sentient cores for their AI. Julian took notes of his experiences with these robots and began trying to find ways to devise pure AI which were a little more human.

While in the past, many of The Movement's robots had achieved human-like thinking via an engineered neocortex built from partially cyberized neural tissue, achieving similar purely from electronics and processors was proving considerably harder. However, Amanda remained opposed to the use of this older line of technology.

The area of surrogates was an area where Garanette still held a lead, though rather than making them sentient, they relied on a simpler strategy of having them stop and request feedback in cases where they were confused.

Amanda had also gotten involved with the robotics side of things. She put her touch onto her own lines of robots. These robots came in pink and other vibrant colors, vs the more dark and neutral colors that had usually been preferred. She varied the design aesthetics enough to make them look like an entirely independent robot line.

Amanda came to overlook a lot of the 'little things' for sake of their bigger objectives. After all, it wasn't really like she was doing anything wrong, she just sat back as fleets of robots did most of the work.

She also expanded into Agribusiness, Clothing, and Personal Care products, advertised using a mix of paid models and androids. Soon enough, they control much of the food production and clothing as well, in addition to the cosmetics and healthcare industries.

Based on Julian's earlier work with surrogates, they also expand into more humanoid androids with more advanced AI capabilities, gaining a near monopoly in many of these areas. Few competitors seem able to match them in terms of their product lines.

Amanda won a supply contract with the Federation Military via a front named Petales Dynamics Incorporated to supply them with much of their military equipment in their battle against the The Movement's forces. As with Yule, Petales had used a similar system of bringing in puppet executives. Petales was then positioned as a higher-end competitor to Yule and intended to compete more directly with Garanette's product lines.

Yule had captured one part of the market by focusing on cheap mass-produced robots. This had pushed Garanette to focus instead on producing smaller numbers of better but more expensive robots. Petales would be positioned as something higher-end still than Yule in a move to push Garanette out of the market.

Due to her true form being arthian, during meetings and similar she would remote in via a surrogate which was built to pass as human. She took a more active role in the company under the identity of Judith Petales, herself with a faked history. She generally presented herself as too busy with "business trips" and "contract negotiation" and similar to remain in the office all that often, so likewise she would leave much of the more mundane business and management tasks to her puppet executives, who were none the wiser. As long as they saw money, and business people were surrounded by other business people and other employees doing busywork tasks, none were too quick to question that maybe their entire business organization was fake, and that the other original founders who had since all either retired or moved on were merely spies and actors.

A lot of the Petales machinery followed her designs but were available in the more traditional Federation color schemes. In tests, the robots gave considerably better performance than the Federation's own mecha, those made by Garanette, and also showed superior performance in tests to compared to the Yule robots being used by the The Movement's military. Many of the Petales robots had many advanced features and demonstrated superior AI capabilities compared with their Yule counterparts. The Federation was sufficiently impressed that they replaced many of their existing units with Petales' robots. It seemed to them like, with these mecha, their victory over The Movement was all but guaranteed.

After Garanette fell out of favor, there wasn't much left they could try to do to save themselves, and in the end Agatha grabbed up much of the companies' remaining assets and ran for it, retreating to an undisclosed location where she could not be found and prosecuted by the Federation. Had her company simply gone out of business and dissolved, most of their assets would have been seized by the Federation military, but this way at least they got out of it with something.

Things continued on like this for several more years, with the Federation steadily beating back The Movement's forces. Julian seemed worried that, at this point, he may be defeated, but Amanda reassured him, "They wont truly be able to beat us with any of those mecha. It only looks like they can."

During a fateful battle where the The Movement's forces are seemingly all but destroyed, Amanda and Chad symbolically emerge on the battlefield. The Federation soldiers are initially confused, expecting maybe they are there to announce surrender.

She then begins to laugh at them. She lifts her arms, and with a swirl of sparkles her large war hammer materializes in her hands. She lifts her hammer in the air, then swings it down hard into the ground. The impact seemingly releases some sort of shockwave. At this point, all the robots stop moving. It seems to the soldiers that she had somehow managed to cause all of them to go into a hard reset, leaving seemingly inoperable.

The Federation soldiers then begin to surround Chad and Amanda, but as the soldiers are closing in, they sparkle and disappear. The soldiers are then confused standing in a battlefield surrounded by little more than seemingly inoperable equipment.

The robots had all been built with a hidden back door installed. The back door was not otherwise visible within the software on the robots, nor was their any evidence of it in the ROM images. It was built in as a hidden hardware issue, itself non obvious. There was no obvious transceiver, just that some of the motor wiring and the motor driver bridges could be reused as a makeshift radio transceiver. A signal received with just the right pattern would trigger the exploit, which would then execute a short sequence of shell-code. The message then triggered a firmware update from an alternate location, where the updated firmware image effectively reprogrammed the robots to turn on the Federation.

It was designed like this partly as the Federation needed to feel like they owned the robots, which meant that any exploit could not be visible by extracting or disassembling the ROM, as them doing so wouldn't be entirely unexpected, nor could the mechanisms be apparent to a technician working on the robots. Something resembling a transceiver circuit, or some other "mysterious black box" in the wiring, would almost surely be noticed and raise suspicion.

No one would likely suspect the motor drivers though, and the slightly unusual configuration of the flyback diodes and the inclusion of discharge tubes could be written off as a design issue, should anyone try to reverse engineer one of the driver modules. During normal operation, everything would function as in a normal motor driver, but given the right set of inputs to the motor, abnormal voltage spikes would be created and directed through the discharge tube. This would in-turn lead to the connected power-rail wiring being used as a transmitting antenna, which would in turn be detected by the modules in other nearby robots. When the message was being received, the modules would in turn then send malformed signals back to the main processor. Once fully received, the processor hardware would then inject another malformed message into one of the serial communication channels, which would make use of a strategically placed buffer overflow exploit within the main ROM. Once received, the robot would proceed to transmit the message via its own motor drivers.

The basic mechanisms were redundant as well, so that it would still work even if some of the driver modules were replaced with third-partly modules which lacked this particular feature.

One downside of the mechanism was that communication was reasonably slow and limited to a fairly short range due to inefficiency. This was acceptable though as it only really needed to be a one-off thing, and once the exploit was initiated, the robots would begin communication over more efficient communication channels. The more efficient channels were not used for the exploit though, because an attack via these channels would be expected, and normal normal fuzzing practices involved in product certification would have more easily detected this.

When she swung her hammer into the ground, the exploit was broadcast to the nearby robots, which in-turn led them to forward it along to any other robots in range. There was then much chatter among the robots, as they sat around communicating with other robots and forwarding the updated firmware and self-patching. Once the process had completed and everything went quiet, the army of robots then rebooted but this time with their new firmware and new sets of objectives.

After a few moments, the robots then proceed en-mass to reactivate and join up with the The Movement's forces, and all of both the Petales and Yule robots get their combat capabilities upgraded as-if by magic and then begin attacking the other Federation units which were not able to be reprogrammed. This extends well past the battlefield, with all the robots in the various bases also coming online and beginning to attack whatever Federation forces are left. In this attack, the Federation's forces are all but destroyed, and they are forced into a surrender under the terms of The Movement.

Casualties from this are fairly minor, as the robots were not attacking soldiers unless provoked, and the soldiers found that they were generally unable to do much against the all their now fully autonomous runaway equipment with little more than riffles.

After this incident, the executives at Yule and Petales were bewildered by all the angry feedback they were getting for their seemingly shared security flaws. They tried in vain to figure out what was going on, but in the aftermath the Gerhard and Judith personas had simply disappeared, and as the facade started to unravel they could do nothing as everything they had worked on seemingly crumbled into nothing. It came as a painful discovery to them that at pretty much all levels, they were all doing busywork, and without their outsourced manufacturers they had nothing.

They tried in vain to call in other engineers, to take over for the ones that disappeared. The ones they called in then looked over at the resources left by the old engineers, and it was painfully obvious that there is nothing there. 

One of the hired on engineers tries to explain the problem to the executives by putting up what was supposed to be a blueprint on a projector. He asks them, "This is supposed to be a blueprint, right?", "Yes." The image basically shows a white on blue wireframe image of a completed robot, with some feature lists and fancy looking pie and bar charts. He asks, "Does anything seem to be missing here?", "No, we see the robot we were selling, and we see its list features. Everything seems to be in order.", "Well, we are missing a few things here. Where are the dimensions? Where are the tolerances? What are ANY of the parts which go into these robots?" They are bewildered, they hadn't even thought to ask this, much less do they know what the answers should be. One cautiously speaks up, "I think there should be some CAM files somewhere." The engineer continues, "Yes, there should be. But there are not any. Pretty much everything that is here is promotional material. There are no prints, or CAM files, or solid models, anywhere to be found. From everything we can find here, it is like your robots merely came into existence out of thin air.", "We were outsourcing manufacture somewhere, but we have seemingly been unable to contact them since the incident." They continue, debating among themselves, trying to explain to the engineer how the companies' process worked, until he ultimately cuts them off and responds, "You have all been played for fools!", before walking out of the room. It was now seeming like they were face to face with evidence that their whole organization was a sham, and there was little left they could do to try to revive their product lines.
	They then ride out their sinking ships in waves of PR as everyone involved goes in search of new jobs, and production of the Yule and Petales style robots begins to re-emerge elsewhere seemingly without their involvement.

The general population is enraged with the Federation government over this turn of events, believing they had been being lied to on a large scale. The actual nature of the defeat seemingly too hard to be considered believable. It became rumor that the Federation was on the verge of loss the whole time and had simply been lying about it to appease the masses.

Not long after, control over the Federation government falls to Julian and Amanda, who become known as the Emperor and Empress of the newly formed Neo Arcornian Empire. Many of the former countries within Federation territory are now member states of Neo Arcornia, causing much concern among many of the remaining nations which had existed outside the direct control of the Federation.

Life for the civilian population didn't really change all that much. Nearly everything in their day to day lives had effectively been under the control of Neo Arcornia for years. Seemingly about the only thing to really change much was what flag was flown on the various flagpoles.

What remained of the Federation military was similarly reinstated under the control of Neo Arcornia, if albeit now the soldiers are a little less trusting of their equipment. Many were sufficiently dismayed with this whole turn of events that they returned to civilian life, and some number of the higher ups and others within the Federation government were imprisoned.

Likewise, most of those who had been imprisoned for their prior involvement with The Movement were subsequently released.


== Seltara ==

It is now 8 years since Amanda and Julian were married and the birth of their daughter, and 4 years since the fall of the Federation.

Marcus and some of his other friends have since fled to the Nation of Seltara in a distant corner of the world. Seltara wasn't going to stand by idly, and then took a stand against Julian's forces. Seltara had opposed the rise of the Neo Arcornian Empire, and had been an ally and member nation of the Federation during the conflict. Unlike most of the other nations, they didn't give in during the Federation's defeat, and instead decided to keep up the fight.

The capital city of Seltara is a city similarly named Seltara. It is a city next to the sea, with a number of shipping ports.

They were welcoming of Marcus and friends to joining their cause against the empire. Seltara was welcoming of those who took a stand against Neo Arcornia and was openly accepting of refugees from other parts of the Federation.

Along with Marcus and Guy, they also had Snive and Agatha on their side.  

Daniella also followed along with Guy, but Vanille stated behind for unexplained reasons. Vanille watched as her daughter left, unable to bring herself to telling her daughter that she had been working for Arcornia the whole time, and also didn't want to get in her daughter's way. Vanille then had quietly asked some of the Arcornian spies who were going along with them to help keep watch over her.

Snive then began working with Seltara, giving them access to much of what he had managed to capture from Ivan's research, as well as most of the information originally captured from Arcornia during its fall. The military in Seltara soon set to work adapting the technology to their uses.

Agatha remained mostly elusive, typically going out in public mostly via the use of her robot surrogates. The bodies she used were generally convincing enough that most people would not realize that what they were dealing with was not human.

Roaming the streets at night, with all of the Federation refugees and vagrants around, she sometimes ran into would-be attackers. Things would quickly be turned on them, however, when it turned out the "young woman" they were trying to victimize was actually a robotic body designed originally for armed combat. Other times, she would play along as the "victim" for a little while, and then turn on the attackers once it suited her or they figured out she was a robot. Little by little, by occasionally delivering criminals to the authorities, she helped to clean the streets of crime and make it a safer place.

As a human, she spent much of her time inside of a "pod", which was a tilted bed-like structure which was lined on the inside with foam specifically formed to her body shape. The pod would close in around her, and while she was inside her sensory and motor control would be redirected to one or more of her surrogate bodies. Because her real body was a weak point, and she was otherwise defenseless while in a pod, she lived in a in a remote structure surrounded by security systems and autonomous guard robots. As a result it would be hard pressed for anyone to break in without giving her plenty of time to respond to the situation, and most invaders would be dealt with by the robots. Many of her guard robots were heavily modified versions of older Garanette and some other Federation military robots, which unlike the robots made by Yule and Petales, had lacked the mechanisms which caused them to turn on their masters.

She was never too trusting of relying on others for her protection, and thus Seltara was not informed as to her actual whereabouts nor was she willing to hand control of her robots handed over to them. Likewise, most interaction between her and them was via one of her surrogates, and none of them saw her true face.

Following her fleeing from the Federation, she had set up a base in a remote location near the border between Seltara and Poivrecornia, and the base was then built mostly underground with only a few concealed hatches connecting it with the surface. Much of the structure was concrete, and was for the most part a closed system. Power generation was via a small reactor, and air was reprocessed internally, with the reprocessing system designed both to transform CO2 back into O2, as well as filter out radon and other contaminants.

Inconvenient for her though, the battle between Seltara and Neo Arcornia steadily moved closer to where she had built her base, and it was only a matter of time until her location was discovered.

Marcus began meeting with Liza. She was a member of Seltara's ruling council. This council consisted of a number of members, as well as an acting president who was also one of their members. Members within this council would vote to elect their leader, and also sign new laws into effect. When a proposal had been signed by a majority of these members, it would go into effect as law. Typically, membership in this council was an inherited position, and as such Liza had inherited the position from her late father, who had no other heirs.

However, due to the ongoing war, things had been streamlined somewhat, with the Seltara military, acting principally under the control of General Reginald, being able to largely take actions independently.

She mostly sat around in meetings, as the other members talked about whatever matters seemed pressing at the moment. Frequently this was pressing matters like whether to erect more statues or fountains in the city square within the capital, and whether to direct funds to repainting buildings or putting a different style of shingles on the roofs of public buildings. Often, Liza would only pay passing attention, and would sometimes meekly sign whatever paperwork came her way without putting much effort into reading over it.

Compared with many of the other council members, Liza was still relatively young, and around 5 years older than Marcus. She was human, with light skin and long brown hair.

After a few meetings, she started taking a liking to him. Marcus represented a different sort of life, much freer than her own, and she ended up spending a lot of time with him outside of their official business. She would call meetings and use these as an excuse to spend time with him, and she had a budget for official expenses which she would spend on going places and doing things with him. Things started out semi-professional, but as time went on things got a lot more casual.

She didn't feel too bad about it, seeing as how many of the other council members would use the various public works projects as justification to hire their friends and family as contractors, and while the money would go who knows where, the project either wouldn't get done, or would be something which would have only realistically required a fraction of the cost.

In not too long, Marcus and Liza are sneaking off places together without even the pretense of official meetings. It seemed like things were going well for them, like Seltara was a place they could live and Marcus could put his memories behind him. Since he had some with him, Marcus also gave Liza one of the smaller synthetic jewels, and she attached it to a necklace.


=== Abduction ===

One day after a meeting Liza went wandering outside, Liza then sees a young girl who appears to be lost and is wandering around in front of the building she had just exited from. She goes up to the little girl, who is looking down wearing a hooded sweatshirt covering her head. Liza kneels in front of the girl and asks if she needs help finding her parents. The girl looks at Liza, and lowers her hood to reveal her long pink hair, ears, and bright green eyes. Liza says, "That is some pretty hair, why, aren't you a cute one? I am Liza, by the way." The girl's expression changes to a grin as she looks at Liza, revealing her arthian dentition. As she looks at Liza, she says, "My mommy and daddy want a word with you." Zilia then grabs Liza's arm, and raises her other arm in the air. Liza suddenly starts trying unsuccessfully to pull her arm free of Zilia's seemingly absurdly strong grip as a swirling ring of sparkles forms around them. In a a sudden flash, both of them are gone.

A few soldiers saw what had happened, but didn't have enough time to respond given how quickly it had happened. Marcus was contacted and informed of what had happened with Liza.

Liza awakens finding herself in a room, as Julian and Amanda stand looking at her. Zilia is standing between them and leans against Amanda with a pleased expression. Amanda says to her, "Good work Zil.". Julian says to Liza, "You see, you have been causing a bit of trouble for us recently, but lets not let this get us off to a bad start. Maybe we can help each other out? I would like to offer you a truce, in exchange, you can help us with something.", "Help you with what?"

"We ask for your cooperation. This war is pointless and unnecessary, and we hope that your military leaders can be persuaded to stand down peacefully. In exchange, we will let your nation continue to exist and retain its sovereignty. We ask with some urgency though that you oppose any of the upcoming measures concerned with continuing the war effort."

She responds, "You realize expecting us to stand by idly as you go and conquer the world is asking a bit much." He responds, "Maybe, but you will come around. Things there aren't exactly as you have been led to believe, and we have caught word of things that are, at best, a bit disturbing."

He has Chad escort her to a room with a nice view. The room is nicely lit and decorated, with a seemingly translucent wall and floor allowing her to see the ground moving below the ship. She reaches down and touches the floor, with a tap revealing that it is a metal bulkhead, and with another good tap, hearing that the floor is made of steel plate with internal I-beams. The glow against her finger also reveals that the view is caused by an optical projection nearly parallel to the surface. She feels around, and at least the drapes, nicely upholstered furniture, and the bed are real. She can't really see the walls to her cell, but reaching out she feels what feels like a smooth plastic. Rubbing her finger against it, a visible smudge appears on the surface. It is a high quality optical finish with an anti-glare coating, nearly invisible on casual inspection. She proceeds to tap on the wall, the sound revealing it to be a single large sheet of a plastic-like material approximately around a centimeter thick.

After a little while, Zilia comes up to the room carrying a tray full of food. Zilia, looking at Liza, can see that she isn't really all that happy to be there. Zilia smiles at her, and says, "Sorry about all this, but they really needed to see you. If you agree to help them out, I am sure they will let you go free." She then proceeds to walk up to the wall, and with a little bit of a wavering effect and distortion, she proceeds to walk through the wall and carries the food to the table. Liza has little idea what is going on, and taps the wall again, revealing it to still be a solid piece of plastic.

Zilia says, "Neat, huh? Uncle Chad showed me how. He says I am really good at it, but I am nowhere near as good at it as he is. When he walks though, you are not even aware that it is there.", "Really?", "Yeah! You didn't see or feel it when he brought you in here? But, here it is, you and him just walked right through it as if it were not even there. But, this wall is always here. You can't get in or out of this room unless you pass through it."

Liza asks, "Is there a special trick? Could I do it.", Zilia responds, "I don't know, maybe, maybe not. Daddy can't walk through by himself without Chad helping him or by using his special jacket, and even Mommy has some difficulty with it. They don't really come in here all that often, but they say it is a good room for our guests, so please try to enjoy your visit a little more."

Liza says, "Say, can you take me on a tour of the ship?", Zilia responds, "I don't know, I would need to go ask Mommy if it is OK.", Chad enters, starting to wonder what had been taking Zilia so long. Liza says "Come on, please, it would be fun to go look around the ship.", Chad states bluntly, "No. Zil, something has come up, please come along.", Zil says, "Sorry... Maybe some other time!" as she proceeds to run off back through the wall and follows behind Chad.

Liza, disappointed, taps the wall some more, then presses on it finding it to still be reasonably solid, though maybe a little softer than before. She begins to unknowingly push her finger into the wall, but pulls back thinking this could just be her imagination. Whatever the trick is, it isn't really obvious to her. She sits down at the table, and looks at the food. While falling short of being the presentation or quality she is used to, and demonstrating lackluster cooking skills, it isn't really all that terrible either. On the plate are some creme filled pastries, a small cup of caviar, a marinated steak with some sort of lemon and honey flavored sauce, and some random bits of parsley thrown on top. Given Liza hasn't eaten recently, she isn't too much inclined to complain about the shortcomings, she just needs to think up some way out of there.

After waiting there, some random crashing around is heard. She sits, and sees Marcus come running by the door, after which he comes back. He says, "Hey, Liza! Come along! I am getting you out of here!" She looks, and begins to speak up, "You see, there is this wall...", Marcus rushes towards her and gets stuck in the wall, and then exclaims "What is THIS?!" as he struggles stuck half-way through the wall. He struggles some as if caught in a net. Liza grabs his hand and tries to pull, but Marcus struggles and pulls back, and with his other arm manages to grab hold of the door frame. With a good pull, he breaks free, and in the process pulls Liza through the wall. 

She is through, albeit with some damage and tearing to her clothing. Marcus isn't one to complain about that. They then start to run and get out of there. They make their way to a small plane that Marcus had used to board the airship.

Julian and Chad return to her room to check on her and try to reassure her that everything is under control. They see that the room is empty with the transparent wall now beat up and warped, but otherwise still mostly intact. Chad says, "Well, crap. Sorry for my failure to better secure things around here." Julian responds calmly, "Don't worry about it too much, Marcus was here, so something like this is bound to happen. Just have someone come by and fix this up hopefully before Amanda notices, and maybe try to come up with something to explain why she is gone, preferably not involving Marcus, for how she was able to escape unnoticed.", "Well, we can't blame it on Zil, that wouldn't be fair, and I am not taking the fall for this." Chad tries in vain to grab onto and straighten the bent wall, but it isn't as easy as it would seem.

Chad then catches notice of something, spotting bits of fur embedded in what is left of the food, and this gives Chad an idea. Amanda then wanders up, starting to ask how Liza enjoyed the cooking, but upon seeing the damage to the room and that Liza has managed to escape, exclaims: "What the hell has happened here?!" Chad then says to her, "Well, it appears as if after eating the food she gained the ability to pass through the wall. She got stuck partly through. In her struggle she caused the warping you see here, and tore the trim off the door while pulling herself through. She then started breathing fire and flew away.", "And you are sure this is how all this works? You know she is human, right?", "Well, I saw it happen something sort of like this." Amanda, now rather annoyed at such a stupid story, walks off. Julian quietly says to Chad, "That is the best you could come up with? It seems a bit far fetched." Chad, "Well, it worked didn't it? No one needs to takes blame for her escape." Julian: "Yeah, probably sufficient."

Upon heading back towards Seltara, they make a stop in a location they visit often. Liza says to Marcus, "Do you think I am a bad person? Some of the measures I have signed may not have been in the best interests of the people." 

Marcus responds, "Well, of course not. After all, you did what you had to do. It is a war after all, so don't worry too much about it."

They talk for a while, and then then her and Marcus end up rolling around, with them ending up in a position where she is straddling Marcus. Her clothes are pretty torn up, and at this point aren't really concealing a whole lot.

After a brief delay, they make it like rabbits, before she cleans herself up and they head back to her mansion in Seltara.


=== Armored Units ===

The war was slow but ongoing along the borders of Seltara and a neighboring nation of Poivrecornia previously under the authority of the Federation but now a part of Neo Arcornia.

In this war, many of Seltara's soldiers have been wearing powered armors in an attempt to be more evenly matched against the Neo Arcornian robotic forces. 

In addition to the powered armor ground forces, they have increasingly began the use of larger mecha, with much of the design and engineering for them having been performed by Snive and Agatha.

Compared with the Yule and Petales robots, the Seltara robots are massive, often with enough firepower to take out a number of Yule robots in a single shot.

Some are quadruped mecha equipped with large cannons. Typical armaments may include cannons firing explosive shells, or alternatively the use of railguns. Other mecha are built for hovering, but as a consequence have lighter armaments. Hovering mecha are more often equipped with chainguns, lasers, or plasma cannons. Most of them are powered by high-speed low weight generators running off of a special fuel consisting of a mixture of kerosene and diesel.

Liza decides to go see, along with Marcus, Guy, and Daniella, some of the weapons they had been developing to battle Julian's forces. They go onto a base, and are given a tour by Snive.

Snive, "We call them Armored Units, while they are built using some technology reverse engineered from Julian's mecha, they are primarily our own technology." They enter a room where there are long lines of roughly 10 meter tall robots. Many were reverse knee bipedal robots, others were quadruped. Many were also hovering units or equipped with large booster packs.

Marcus asks, "Are you sure Julian or Amanda wont be able to hack into their AI?", and Snive responds with a smile, "We are fairly confident they wont be able to. You see, their control systems are based on the older Arcornian War era mecha. As for AI, No, We don't use an AI."

At this point, a few soldiers walk in. As-if suddenly realizing what was about to happen, catching a glimpse of the robots, the soldier in the middle began to scream and tried to run. "No! Don't put me back in one of those things!", the soldiers by his side grab ahold of him, and in his struggle he knocks their helmets off. This reveals, however, that the other two soldiers merely look like normal humans. They have what look like human faces, but the head underneath their helmets has been transformed into metal and their face hangs over the edges like a rubber mask. Marcus has seen this sort of thing before though, the look of their heads is not that of a traditionally manufactured robot. They were human at one time, at some point, presumably against their will, forced to undergo a more aggressive form of the cyberization process, something that even Julian had largely condemned the use of on sentient lifeforms.

The terrified solder is carried up and shoved into the cockpit of the robot. A number of straps come up and wrap around him, securing him in place, as a number of tubes and cables snake around him, seemingly connecting up to things, and some tentacle-like tubes go into his mouth and nose, as he struggles and convulses violently. His expression has since gone blank, as a headset lowers over has face, and mechanical whirs are heard as screws on the headset and straps spin in place, locking things down. The occasional pops and hisses of pneumatic devices can also be heard as the pilot is fully entombed in a mass of tubes and wires, as plates are lowered into place and then automatically screw down, and as the cockpit then fully closes up around him.

The robot's eyes light up, it proceeds to come to life, stand up, and then walk out of the room with lots of mechanical noises and clomping. The remaining two solders walk back, picking up and putting their helmets back on, once again appearing to be normal humans.

Marcus looks none too pleased at the prospect that these sorts of technologies are being used on humans. Liza looks at him, both with an awkward displeasure about what they had just seen. Snive responds, "Well, you see about that. We are in a war, and don't really have the luxury of an overwhelming military force. We were forced, whether we like it or not, to make a few compromises here and there. Please try to understand."

The sight of all this was a bit too much for Daniella, who then begins to cry. Guy is by her side and tries to hold and comfort her, and kisses her as reassurance. Marcus and friends then take their leave.


=== Reginald ===

Liza goes to a council meeting with General Reginald giving an update of how things are going on the front lines. They assert that while they have the resources and production capacity to continue making Armored Units, they have a shortage of usable pilots. Their front-line forces are wearing thin, and may not be able to continue on at this rate. He stresses that them being forced into surrender by the Neo Arcornian Empire would not be an acceptable outcome.

Later that day, a decision needed to be made as to whether to allow taking more people from the shelters and refugee camps and press them into service.

Liza has doubts as to whether or not this is really the morally right coarse of action. The wording in the measure is a bit unclear, and the scope of its effect is rather vague, but Reginald assures them that only a small minority of those in the camps are likely to be effected. Under some persuasion from Reginald, she signs the measure he was pushing on her into effect. It was pretty close, but the measure passes by a single vote.

Just as soon as it is passed, those who are suitable for pilot duty are gathered up and loaded into the mecha. They are evaluated both psychologically and physically, with those who are likely to function well inside of a mecha being used. For correct operation of the mecha and resistance to external tampering, they need to be both neurologically and physically intact. This excludes both cyberized individuals and those with neural interfaces. It needs to be the case that the mecha is the only interface that they will experience, in all likelihood, for the remainder of their life.

Many of the rest are loaded into powered armors, typically with neurocyte implants being installed to make them better soldiers. The neurocyte installation is a procedure in which they are restrained while a small hole is drilled into the skull, and the implant is then injected into the hole.

The implant modulates cortical functions via a branching network of fibers which begins to work its way through their cortex immediately following installation. After the fibers are in-place, the cortex will then largely be transformed over the course of several days. They are then wirelessly linked with a number of servers, which will manage and modulate their thoughts and behaviors to keep them in-line with the tasks they are assigned.

The process of installation is generally both very painful and will destroy the personality of the person in the process. They become essentially like mindless drones who operate under the control of an AI which follows the will of General Reginald.

Those who are otherwise in too poor of health to make good soldiers in their natural form and sent in for a more aggressive form of the cyberization process. In this process, their bodies become almost entirely transformed into a mechanical equivalent. Their limbs may then be replaced with mechanical limbs, as well as most of their internal organs being removed. They are then fitted with a rubber mask resembling their original face to keep up the appearance that they are still who they once were. As with the neurocyte, their minds are put under the control of the AI.

Snive was the one who had brought information on the cyberization process with him, which had originally been developed by Goran Kentov and Dr. Chuck as a means to life extension.

Chuck's research had been classified by the Federation, but Snive had managed to reverse engineer it from what he had captured from The Movement, and he had saw great promise in the potential applications of the technology.

Snive developed the neurocyte implant by accident as a result of experiments trying to develop a form of the cyberization process which could be used on the field to treat those who were mortally wounded, but found that it had unexpected side effects if used to treat head shots.

During the collapse of the Federation, Snive took the research and his prototypes and fled to Seltara. They were accepted readily by the Slataran military after number of successful demonstrations, along with Seltara's increasing desperation in the war against Julian.

Liza reluctantly mentions her observations with the arthians and the transparent walls to Reginald and Snive.

Reginald and Snive were intrigued at the premise that such a thing might even be possible. They express some skepticism at first, but as an illustration she tries tapping on a piece of the material she had brought with her when escaping from the ship. On the way to the plane, she found some sheets of it laying around, and grabbed a few to take with her.

To everyone's' surprise, including her own, rather than stopping on the surface, her finger proceeded to pass though the sheet. She then continued, leaning into it and pushing her arm through the sheet. She then proceeded to pull it back out. The scientist observed that there was no hole in the sheet, and that it was, in fact, still pretty solid.

They have her touch a piece of plate glass and a piece of sheet metal, observing that they were still solid to her. They then pull out a normal piece of clear plastic, and observe that her arm is not able to pass through.

Chad had been sneaking around and watching things to see how the situation was going, and after seeing this was surprised that some of the random stuff he had made up to appease Amanda was actually coming to pass. Chad then proceeded to send a short message to Julian, who felt slightly relieved in a way, but similarly unsure how this could work given Liza is human, and these sorts of abilities have thus far only been seen in arthians.

Marcus begins to have mixed feelings about this, torn between trying to convince the people to make peace with someone like Julian, him weighing this against the sorts of nasty things the military has started resorting to in order to keep their war effort going.

He was sitting a table near one of the streets. There were other tables around, and shade was provided via a large overhang.

It didn't really look all that bad. For the most part, things were nice and clean, hardly anyone out of place to be seen. Despite the many of the public works features being put up for questionable reasons, many were at least pleasing to look at.

While Marcus was sitting there, Chad came up to him.

Marcus says to Chad, "Pretty quiet today it seems.", Chad responds, "You may not have seen, but they have been gathering up many of the people in the streets, taking them into the base. Civilians are herded in, and large numbers of soldiers and armored units walk out. Even you can't claim ignorance that something has gone terribly wrong here." Marcus responds, "Liza wouldn't approve of something like this, she isn't like that." and Chad responds "But it was her vote which made this whole thing possible. Even if she had simply declined to vote, the measure would have failed to gain the needed majority, and none of this would be happening."

Some time later, Marcus and Chad confront her about it, and she collapses in tears, aware that it was her signature allowing all this to take place. They call back to Julian, who after checking with Amanda, calls their units to temporarily switch to defensive action and to begin instead working to evacuate the civilians. This time, with a bit more cooperation, Chad brings them back to Julian's ship.

After dropping Marcus and Liza off on the ship, Chad then also went back and retrieved Guy and Daniella. They were initially uncooperative, but came along after Chad informed them of the situation, as they too were being surrounded by a group of cyberized soldiers, some with expressions of terror and fear permanently embedded into their now metallic faces.

Likewise, Agatha had evacuated as soon as it was known the measure had been passed. Snive was a little more reluctant, but was persuaded to evacuate by Agatha once things started heating up. He was in some level of disbelief that things had started going in this direction, but this was soon interrupted by him effectively being carried out of there by one of Agatha's surrogates as Reginald was moving in to detain him for otherwise unspecified reasons.


=== Family ===

Aboard the Ship, Julian says to Liza he wants to run a few quick tests, and invites Marcus to come along. In his medical bay, he uses a machine which takes a small blood sample from Liza, and then runs analysis. He then has her touch a piece of the material she does so, her other hand starts falling through. "Yes, I see, very unusual." Julian looks back at a screen where the blood analysis has concluded. He looks at her and then smiles and says to her, "Well, Welcome to the Family." Liza is confused by this statement, whereas Marcus figures it out more quickly, and proceeds to shake his face into his hand.

She thinks for a moment, before saying, "Oh!", and then starts hugging Marcus. Julian looks back at his results, and also says, "And I can also say with a fairly high level of certainty who the father is. Congratulations, Marcus!"

Marcus then continues to face palm more. This isn't exactly what he was going for. It wasn't much, but she was now a several months along, and this was enough to allow her to utilize some arthian related passive abilities.

Liza asks, "What exactly do you mean though by, family?" Julian then adjusts his glasses, and pulls up some graphs on a 20 inch display which is mounted on a swivel post. Marcus begins to wonder some how this display is so thin and flat, not quite realizing that the image is being internally projected from below and reflected off a mirror onto the screen surface.

He switches between the graphs, each graph showing numbers of red and blue bars between pairs of individuals. He explains, "Blue shows where they are unrelated, and red shows where they are. As you can see, Amanda and Marcus have a fair bit of overlap, as do Amanda and Chad. Likewise Marcus and Chad have also overlap some. Well, why is this? Well, they are all not so distantly related. For Marcus and Chad, they are related via the brothers Jules and Chuck. Chuck had been involved as a junior researcher working alongside Goran Kentov, and Jules was Chuck's younger brother. Chuck was Chad's father, and Jules was Marcus's grandfather. We don't know for certain with Amanda, but it appears she is also closely related. This is also why I let Zilia call Chad 'Uncle Chad', as for what it matters, he is." Liza asks Julian how old Zilia is, and after a brief pause, responds "Right now, she is 8, but will turn 9 a few months from now."

Marcus then adds in as an off-handed remark, "Amanda is my creepy half-sister who resulted from her creepy mother forcing herself on my father."

Julian, "Oh, well that would explain a few things. So, you knew all along?", "Well, it is all pretty obvious. I am pretty sure she knows as well, as much as she doesn't want to admit it."

Some other graphs are visible, and curiously it seems Julian had also done analysis of Guy and Daniella, noting they also had some overlap with others in the group, but were otherwise not closely related to each other. One tab catches Marcus's notice, "Julian vs Daniella", Marcus thinks to himself, "What could they have in common?" He can see through a translucent blending effect applied to the UI that there is some amount of red there.

Julian continues to mess around with the screens. Everyone present has the normal 46 chromosomes, as the general structure of the arthian genome is very similar to that of humans. A number of points of divergence exist, depending in part on the various physical attributes, though for the most part individual differences are larger than the differences between species. Within humans proper, there is a roughly 5 to 7% variance, and around a 15% variance if both arthians and humans are included. Julian doesn't really mention that he falls within a roughly 11% variance from the average, and has always felt a little out of place when among humans.


He pulls up a chart for Liza, which is mostly blue but has a number of purple regions. Julian then mentions, "Now, this is the interesting part. While her genome is largely human, there are these purple regions. These are not consistent with what is expected of a normal human, but rather if appears as if she is a hybrid. Most of these genetic sequences are basically equivalent to those of the arthian genome, though with some evidence of genetic modification as well."

Marcus asks, "But, she doesn't any fur or claws, and looks otherwise entirely human.", "Well, it doesn't necessarily work like this. Even if it did, the changes are minor, and it appears as if a majority of her ancestry is still human. However, the edits are relatively focused, and appear mostly cosmetic in nature. Given her recent exposure to Chronus energy, it isn't entirely unsurprising that she has begun to develop special abilities."

Liza looks at the screens, and looks at Julian, and asks, "About you, you are human, right?" Julian hesitates for a moment, and answers, "While many of my ancestors are human, in truth I identify more as an arthian, and I feel more at home among my own kind. Your case is different, and it appears as if a deliberate attempt has been made to hide what you are."

He runs some more analysis, and comments, "However, there is some evidence of drift and crossover as well. It appears these were germ line modifications probably made in previous generations. It might be interesting to see how widespread cases like yours are within the population."

Amanda walks by, seeing them all there responds, "Marcus? Why is he here?!", Julian responds, "Please stay calm, things have gotten a bit complicated over there. But, hey, check this out. He takes a sheet of the material and hits it on Liza's hand, and her fist goes through, "Neat, Huh?". Amanda, "Yeah, she did this yesterday, right? Next up you will be saying she has fire breath.", Amanda then walks off, still annoyed. Her woman's intuition isn't fooled when she knows people have been talking crap, and when they are trying to cover up when their bluff just happens to work, as she already knew that Marcus was the reason for Liza's escape.

There is an incoming call, which Julian takes on a nearby viewscreen. "This is General Reginald, We demand Liza to be returned immediately!", "She came here willingly for diplomatic reasons.", "I am now the acting ruler of Seltara.", Liza: "Under who's authority?!", "Under MY authority. Return at once, or you will be declared an Enemy of State!"

Liza, "I will ask that a cease fire be called, and that the forced cyberization of civilians be halted immediately." He responds, "You have made your position as a traitor clear. There will be no cease fire, and there will be no halt to the cyberization process." Reginald then hangs up.


=== Base ===

Marcus and Chad then decide to infiltrate the Seltara base and destroy the cyberizer before this can continue much further. After they transport back to Seltara, they find the capital city largely deserted and in poor condition. There is debris in the streets, and many windows are broken, as if military force had been turned against the city itself.

After breaking into the base, they find someone restrained, "Help, they have done something to me!", as he twitches on a gurney. Something is wrong with him. Chad quickly takes him back to Julian, who after a quick scan has him placed on the table where machinery sets to work. A plate lowers onto his head, and a large 'Thump!' is heard as he convulses and loses consciousness. Many of the metal objects in the room shook when he used this machine. Some scans continue, showing a real-time brain scan of the man. A probe extends into a small hole in his head, and removes a small metallic object covered with fiber-like tentacles. Julian says, "Luckily, we got to him in time. Much later, and it would have been too late to save him. Still, we will need to keep him under observation for a few days to make sure his condition is stable."

Back at the base, the condition is looking dire. Marcus is being swarmed by soldiers, but has also been joined by Agatha who had also set her intentions on destroying it. As is her style, she is present by remoting in via a robotic surrogate. Marcus asks Agatha her opinion on the matter, and she responds that while she doesn't much approve of Julian, the actions now being taken by Reginald are not acceptable.

Agatha is then able to throw some grenades into the cyberizer before they make their escape. The cyberizer explodes, leaving them with at least a temporary victory. The grenades appear to have also taken out a critical control server, as the soldiers then largely stop moving and fall to the ground now unconscious.

However, no one else is found. Apart from the base, all the buildings appear to be deserted. As Marcus stands back in the square where they had arrived, Zilia flashes in with a swirl of sparkles and grabs both Marcus and Chad's wrists. In another flash as the sparkles collapse back in on them, they are back aboard the ship. Agatha remains behind and starts gathering up some of the soldiers, transporting them somewhere where they can attempt to begin treatment.

Julian checks everyone over just to be sure there isn't anything amiss. What all he has just seen is a bit much even for Julian to not be at least a little worried.

They start planning their next mission, to secure Seltara and capture Reginald before he can do too much more damage.


=== Amanda's Office ===

Liza asks, "How could all this happen, can he really do this?" Julian responds, "You might want to talk to Amanda about this. She already knew about Reginald's plans and what was about to take place. We had wanted to stop him preferably before all this could take place, but it seems we were unable. 

Capturing you yesterday was our last ditch effort to try to stop his plans from unfolding, and in retrospect it seems this may well have been all but inevitable. It may not seem like it sometimes, but Amanda has a pretty good eye for detail."

Liza is then shown the way to Amanda's office. It is a large room, very well decorated. Like in the room she was in before, it had a prominent view of the outside. Large pink drapes were in front of what appeared to be a massive window to the outside. To the side of the windows were stone columns covered in vines. Chairs were placed around the room, and there was also a large semicircular sofa. Much of the floor was covered in a dark green carpet.

Amanda sat in a chair in front of what looked like a oak dresser with a very large mirror. Amanda directed Liza to sit, which she did, though finding the chair mildly uncomfortable as it was a bit small for her. Amanda said in brief, "No, sit on the sofa. It is larger, and has a better view of the mirror." Liza could see her reflection, but at first didn't see the point of looking at a giant mirror. Amanda then gave her a pair of glasses and told Liza to put them on, and then Amanda put on her own pair.

Amanda then extended her arm slightly, forming a shape like she was holding something. At this moment a sparkles formed around her fingers and a stylus appears. She then tapped the stylus on the mirror, and suddenly the mirror, and seemingly the space in front of it, turned into a holographic projection.

Liza was surprised and then briefly tried to take off the glasses but was overpowered with light and a sensation like a number of lamps were being shined in her face. She then quickly puts the glasses back on.

The effect she was witnessing is being created from a number of projectors within the room being reflected off the mirror, and her glasses were specially designed to only let in light from certain angles, such that if two rays of light passed through a point and then hit the glasses at the right angles, they would pass through the glasses and would be seen as if light were emanating from that location, whereas light from other directions would be reflected.

As she moves or turns her head, how the light passes through the glasses will change, in turn effecting her view of the scene. The projectors were also placed in such a way as to respond appropriately to occluders in the scene. An occluding object was able to block a view of an object in the space, while at the same time not blocking objects which should be visible. The effect was imperfect though, as moving around an object they would warp between positions, and objects could become only partially occluded, in which case they would fade. This was because there were only a finite number of projectors which would need to simultaneously project every possible viewpoint within the scene. Similarly, because of the computational power required each projector would typically keep a cached copy of its view, with objects being redrawn and streamed in as needed. This favored scenes which were mostly static.

All this was much unlike anything Liza had seen before. While not necessarily the most practical sort of display, it does have the property of being able to wow people, which has often been an effective way to win their cooperation by distracting them from the drawbacks or limitations of the proposal.

In the display were a number of documents from Seltara. Amanda proceeded to tap on a few things with the stylus, and a number of sections of text expanded out of various pages from the documents.

Liza leaned forwards to read them, but there didn't seem much notable in them. Many had to do with civil service and administrative concerns. A few related to who will take over duties when those normally responsible for them are absent. Amanda then pulled up another document, which Liza more quickly recognizes: It is the document Reginald had pressured her into signing. But, the section of text shown, doesn't really seem to say anything in particular. 

Liza is confused, Amanda then proceeds to use the stylus to draw arrows between the passages. She then uses her stylus as a highlighter for various words. It doesn't help all that much. Amanda, realizing Liza doesn't get it, responds "These are loopholes. Essentially, what Reginald had you sign transfers sovereign authority over all matters of administration over to himself. You are now little more than a figurehead. As far as the laws of Seltara are concerned, Reginald is the new supreme ruler. Furthermore, it waives him from any accountability for the criminal acts he has committed under his command. Or, in other words, he can now legally do whatever he wants, and there is nothing left we can do here short of removing him by force."

Liza responds, "Can I revoke it? After all, he needed me to sign it, and normally there is an option to repeal laws in cases like these." 

Amanda responds, "Not in this case, in granting himself authority, he also granted himself sole discretion over what can be created or repealed. While in theory we could still challenge him in court, this is unlikely to work out so well, given he already has neurocytes installed in all the judges. While this was in accordance with a previous act, it also now effectively also means he has direct control over the judges. In a legal sense, according to Seltaran law as written, we don't have a valid complaint against him. All of his actions during his rise to power are now legal according to Seltara's laws. The only remaining option now is to forcibly remove him from power."

Amanda continues, "For the time being, we have made spaces for you and everyone else aboard the ship. We will set you up with apartments upon our arrival at Port Ariane, and after this will head to Central City." Liza asks, "Do you mean back in the room I was in before?", "No, unless you want to. You are now free to move around the ship, and even if we did put you back in there, it wouldn't do you much good." Amanda does a gesture like she is tossing something, and a clear ball appears in her hand as she does so. The ball flies towards Liza, but as Liza tries to catch it, it passes through her hands and hits the floor. Amanda does another gesture and the ball disappears from the ground and reappears in her hand, and as Amanda closes her hand and the ball sparkles and disappears. Amanda says, "This was just a demonstration, and a test, but it seems that recently you have been exposed to enough Chronus energy to render that type of holding cell ineffective.", "You have others?", "Yes, we also have cells with steel bars, as well as those where the bars are filled with sea salt.", "Sea salt?", "Sea salt can be used to redirect or disrupt the normal flow of Chronus energy. Putting sea salt in the bars effectively disrupts our ability to use special abilities, and getting through bars is a bit harder when all you have available is normal physical strength."

Liza asks "What if I had failed that test?" but Amanda declines to answer, and instead offers to show her to the room she will have aboard the ship.


=== Refuge ===

They then leave Amanda's office and head down the corridor. By this point a lot more people are present than when Liza went to Amanda's office, though she doesn't see many other humans apart from herself and Julian. Much of the arthian population was seen as more vulnerable and thus was given a higher priority in the evacuation. Julian has called in several additional airships to begin evacuation of the remaining human population, and for the deployment of additional robotic forces within Seltara to begin trying to secure the area.

They get to Liza's assigned room. Like the room she was in before, it is pretty nice and reasonably well furnished. Runia comes in to visit with her, as Amanda had assigned Runia to check back on Liza and offer assistance if she needs help with anything.

Liza then exits and sees Agatha's surrogate wandering around in the corridor. Liza says to her, "Hello again, robot girl." Agatha responds, "I am not a robot, and I am not a child.", "What are you then?", "I am an adult woman, like you are.", Liza kneels down, and says, "But you sure do look like a little robot girl from here."

At this, the robot stops. After a momentary delay, Agatha in her adult human form emerges from another room, and comes over and gives an intent stare at Liza, and then adjusts her glasses and squints some due to the comparably much brighter lighting in the corridor than in her room.

Liza responds, "Well, hello there?" Agatha continues, "See, I am an adult human, like you. Not a little robot girl!" Liza looks confused, as they do look similar, but clearly Agatha's human form is much more physically mature and she is roughly early middle-age. Agatha is relatively plain looking, with wavy brown hair and is wearing large dark glasses which appear held tight almost as-if attached to her head. She is wearing a T-shirt and sweat pants over a compression suit, and is also slightly overweight.

Liza asks, "Then, what is the other you?", "She is my robotic surrogate. I use her on missions because if she is damaged, I can replace her, but if I am damaged, well I am not so easily replaced. However, all I have on-hand aboard the ship was one of my older surrogates, which is modeled after me at a much earlier age. Though, sometimes there are advantages to being small."

Liza looks at her, and at the robot, and then asks "So, are you that vigilante woman who kept bringing in all the criminals?", and Agatha responds, bluntly, "Yes. My other bodies are busy right now trying to help clean up this mess you so conveniently left for all of us."

Agatha, figuring she has now made her point, returns to her room. A moment later the surrogate begins moving again and continues onward towards the kitchen, apparently fetching her some snacks for her human-form self.

The bodies have a certain level of autonomy, and Agatha can choose when to control or live through them directly. Other times they may be used more like robots, carrying out tasks as controlled by an AI, with the AIs alerting her whenever they encounter something unexpected and need her input. This allows her a limited ability to manage multiple bodies at the same time, but this requires a lot of attention and effort on her part, so she prefers normally to remote into a single body at a time.

Her system also allows her to remote into other sorts of robots, such as the newer generation Petales robots, but these normally operate autonomously under AI control.

A little ways down the hall, Marcus is complaining with Julian, "Why do I have to share a room with Guy, don't you have a lot of space of this ship?", and Julian responds, "We still have a lot more people to pick up, so space is short. Would you rather I have you share a room with Nathan?", "Well, no, not really." Liza shouts over to Marcus, "You can share a room with me!", and Marcus responds "OK!" Amanda's expression shows that she is annoyed at this, but she keeps it to herself. She had assigned a nice room for Liza but a small and poorly furnished room for Marcus partly out of spite, and Liza sharing her room with him steps on Amanda's work in figuring out room assignments.

Julian then says to Guy, "OK then, now you can share a room with Nathan!", Guy responds, "Or with Daniella!", Julian stalls for a second at the thought, before responding, "OK then, either way.". Julian then says to Nathan, "Well, it looks like you get the room to yourself then." Nathan says, "OK!", then looks briefly into the room before saying, "Man! This room sucks!" Chloe then goes up to him and says he can stay with her, as she also ended up with a room to herself.

Julian is now satisfied that the room issues are mostly resolving themselves. Vanille then walks up and asks where Daniella's room is, and Julian points to it. As she approaches, she is dismayed by walking in to find Guy and Daniella were already making out on the bed, and Daniella is mad that her mom will just walk in without any prior warning. Vanille then turns around and walks off.

As Amanda was standing in the hall looking over how thing were going, a human girl walks by, roughly early 20s. She is dressed in the way typical of a resident of Seltara, but upon seeing Amanda, stops and solutes her. Amanda responds, "At ease. Status?", she responds, "I have continued to track how things were going with Reginald, but lost track of him during all the chaos during the mass cyberization of the population." Amanda responds, "Good work, please write up a report of any findings. That will be all." Liza catches note of this, and asks Amanda, "What was all that about?", and Amanda responds, "That was a spy of ours who we assigned to keep track of Reginald. We were able to win her over to our side during the war against Federation. She was one of a few people to discover the trick behind the Petales robots, and it would have gone badly for us if she were to have reported this to the Federation military. We just had to get to her first and convince her that her future was brighter with us than it would be with Federation, and that she should join our cause. We then reassigned her here to help keep a watch over things in Seltara. However, we had to evacuate her with everyone else as there was no telling if she would be safe in all this."

They soon arrive at Port Ariane to offload refugees and prepare for the coming battles. Before arrival, everyone is given tags granting them access to their newly assigned apartments.

Most of the apartments are new construction, with the smell of paint and out-gassing VOCs still filling the air. They are informed to try to try to keep the windows open until the out-gassing subsides, even as much as this can be unpleasant in the days of summer heat.


=== Daniella and Guy ===

Daniella and Guy decide to move in together, deciding to now officially begin their lives together. The next few days for them are fairly uneventful. Daniella and Guy are busy setting up their new house, and they also start making wedding plans.

Julian knew about them and had made a special provision for them, and decided to give them an actual house rather than have them stay in an apartment at the request of Vanille. While not necessarily the biggest or fanciest house around, it was still decently sized and of the sort typical of a well-off person living in the area. Likewise, all of their expenses were paid, and they were given a budget to be used however they pleased.

Vanille shows up a few times to help out, and also to keep an eye on things between them with her still not fully at ease seeing them together and now open about it. She was already aware of it many years earlier, but kept up an act of being oblivious.

Vanille then makes a request to them, "In all the chaos recently, my sister and her husband need somewhere to stay for a while." Guy, "Can't they stay in an apartment?", Vanille, "She is someone who may sometimes need special assistance, and her husband, well, he is not particularly good with these sorts of thing." Guy has a confused look, and then they wander up. Daniella then exclaims "Aunt Bonnie!" Guy then gets a look at her, and then starts to see what Vanille means: Bonnie is a cyborg with over half of her body being either cyberized or fully mechanical. Vanille explains that Bonnie ended up partially cyberized at an early age due to medical complications.

Bonnie was married to another half-breed, and despite also being human sized he was also pretty useless about these sorts of things. It was sort of hard for Guy to see why they were together, and the best he could guess it was some sort of mutual desperation. It was as if, despite them having been together for years, he could never quite get over the fact that her limbs were removable and sometimes needed repairs. One disadvantage of having robotic limbs was that she wasn't really able to replace them by herself, and would typically need someone there to unhook and unbolt them, and then to reattach the new replacement limb.

She could equip limbs which looked fairly natural, but as a consequence were filled with a sort of goo which would leak and get everywhere making a mess of things when it came time to swap them out for repairs. It was necessary, in a confined space and with ones view mostly blocked by the goo, to both attach or detach several small bolts, in addition to connecting or disconnecting a ribbon cable and a larger power cable. Her husband, however, was unwilling to deal with this, and preferred simply to pretend that she didn't have artificial limbs.

In a way, Vanille was being sneaky, if just a little, as a way to set things up in a way most convenient to her. She could set up Daniella in a house, and know her location, and as well give Bonnie a place to live with people to help her out with her needs, and at the same time Bonnie could keep a watch on Daniella and Guy and could get involved if needed.

Bonnie didn't entirely agree with Vanille's sentiment, however, and had little intention of being a social busybody. Bonnie more preferred to keep her issues to herself, and preferred the types of problems which could be resolved by shooting at them until they went away. Despite now being able to cosmetically mask her cybernetics, her limbs still had a special feature where she could equip cannons and other equipment designed for robots which she could operate via a wireless communication interface. Similarly, despite the seemingly petite construction of the arms, they were internally reinforced to such an extent that they could lift and handle the recoil from large weapons without taking too much damage, but even despite being built for this sort of thing, Bonnie was still often able to find ways to mess them up. She would just assume equip larger and more heavily reinforced arms, but her husband objects on the basis that they make her being a cyborg all that much more evident. Her legs and torso, however, were a bit more heavily reinforced and so held up a little better.

Vanille explains, "Our mother, Julia, was herself human, and Marie Kentov was her older sister. Both Marie and Bonnie had inherited a degenerative condition which could prove fatal if left untreated. In Bonnie's case, an earlier attempt at a more conventional treatment went wrong, and partial cyberization was the only way we had left to save her. Other parts of her body were by this point so badly degraded that fully mechanical replacements were needed as cyberization could not recover them, but these replacement parts can have problems or generally require maintenance given they are unable to regenerate on their own, unlike the healing factor normal implicit with normal cyberized tissue."

Thinking of it, Vanille sends a quick message to Julian, as she just recently came across some information she thought he should know.

Guy mentions, "Doesn't it seem odd that humans and arthians can so easily interbreed? We are theoretically different species after all." Vanille responds, "Not particularly. We may look different, but the overlap between the human and arthian genome is fairly significant. Unlike many other species, humans and arthians have the same number of chromosomes, and the major genes on those chromosomes all line up pretty good. Much of what makes us unique comes down to genes which effect appearance or are related to anatomical adaptations and special abilities. The species argument is more historical than biological, mostly intended as a means to deter intermarriage between the races."

Guy, "And now? Why is it like it is?" Vanille, "The remaining pure humans try to hold on to the memory of who they once were. Those who are part arthian are outcast because we represent the degeneration and decay from the ideal of the human form, like a race who may never again return to what they once were. As they see it, we may never again reclaim our humanity from the grips of the beasts we have since become. But this is a story for another time."


== Clues to the Past ==

Julian gets a message from Vanille, which says something a bit unexpected: His grandparents may not actually be dead. He had assumed they were, as when they were captured by the Federation they were marked as deceased and he never heard from them again. Similarly, he had not seen anything thus far as to their whereabouts.

Vanille's message, however, had hinted that their last known location was in a Federation cryo prison. In the prison's systems, they were never listed as having been released, nor were they were listed as having died. He didn't like the idea that they might just have been left there, having been left imprisoned when he had the power to release them years earlier. He then went there, but didn't see them listed in any of the normal prisoner manifests. Accessing the database, he did eventually find some records for where they had been held in cryogenic stasis.

He went to the lower reaches of the prison and there they were, among a number of other prisoners from around the time of the Arcornian War. After checking the manifest more, he found that most of those contained here were political enemies of the former Federation government, many put into stasis as a way to silence them while still having a way to revive them if the need ever arose, unlike what would have been the case had they simply been executed.

Julian then began reviving the prisoners. He started with his grandparents as well as a number of arthian prisoners. Among them were the long since defeated Arcornian Royal Family. The former king, queen, and their daughter Princess Rosia).

He also revived Dr. Chuck, who was now biologically about 20 years younger than his son Chad. Both of them were now elderly, but differed in their fur color. Unlike Chad's originally black fur which has since turned a patchy gray, Chuck had always had a light gray fur color with slightly visible darker stripes, in contrast to his wife whose fur was a mix of orange and black.

The king's fur was a strong red color, and the queen likewise had light gray fur similar to Chuck. The Queen was happy to see that they were all there, but was concerned that Chuck's wife was nowhere to be seen among them. Julian tells them that she wasn't anywhere on the prisoner lists. Unlike Chuck, she had evaded capture, but because she wasn't in stasis, she had died due to old age roughly 40 years earlier.

After their conditions were stable enough for transport, he had them moved back to his airship, where he began informing them of the present situation. 

They assigned Rosia under Zilia's care, where Zilia was old enough to serve as a "big sister" and help Rosia adapt to the situation aboard the ship. Rosia was a small pinkish furred arthian, and effectively several years younger than Zilia. Rosia ran around exited to look at all the things in her new surroundings.

Zilia gave Rosia a small jewel, which was essentially a miniature copy of a normal synthetic Chronix Jewel and with a smaller amount of energy. Zilia tried to show Rosia the basics of using Chronus abilities, but it quickly seemed like Rosia didn't have any natural abilities. As Rosia looked around, she started to take a liking to the technology and robots around, all this stuff being rather different than what was around in the castle before she was put in stasis roughly 60 years earlier.

As Rosia was running around and looking at all the stuff, the jewel started to glow, as-if its energy was being used somehow, though it wasn't really obvious to Zilia what it was being used for.


Elsewhere, Julian's grandfather Vlad had been a lawyer, but came in conflict with the Federation leadership over their conquest and subsequent elimination of the population of Arcornia, and whether Federation using their powers to stomp nations into effective non-existence was legal under the existing Federation law. Not wanting to deal with these sorts of questions, the leaders saw fit to capture both Vlad and Berta and leave them in suspended animation until some indefinite point in the future.

Vlad and Berta looked fairly large and imposing compared with Julian, but Vlad was not one to readily get involved in a fight. Julian was a little smaller than a normal human, but looked close enough in general that it wasn't immediately obvious to them that he was mixed.

Berta had been detained "on principle" in addition to her relations to Vlad and Ivan. She was a large heavy set woman with a quick temper. Things started to get heated when Amanda walked in. She walked up to Julian, and he then put his arm around her and introduced her as his wife. 

Berta then had an expression which was clearly angry and disapproving. She started to speak up, "But, She... Isn't... Human!" At which point she slammed her palms down on the table, causing the wooden table to collapse onto the floor. The Arcornian king had a sudden shocked expression as he started to exclaim "Oh, Sh...!" and then ran out of the room.

Amanda yells at her, "You got a problem with that?!", "Yes I Do!" Berta tries taking a punch at Amanda, but Amanda jumps out of the way and dodges the hit. They go at it for a while, but having just recovered from stasis, this level of activity is a bit much for Berta.

Berta begins to get tired and calm down, gradually becoming more accepting of the idea that her descendants are not entirely human. Though, at the same time, Amanda begins to half wonder if maybe Berta is instead some sort of gorilla who merely looks human.

Vlad didn't really seem all that surprised or effected much by this outburst. He continued drinking a coffee even though the table was gone, and most of the dishes and silverware were smashed and on the floor. He looked pleased enough at Amanda's ability to hold her own against Berta. He sees little reason personally to object to her being his grandson's wife, as equality between humans and arthians was what he had spent much of his life working towards, it was only a sad reminder that Berta didn't share the same views.

Julian stands near what was left of the table, seemingly in shock that his grandma could so quickly and easily make such a mess of the place. He starts to have second thoughts as to whether it had really been such a great idea to have revived them.

After things calm down some, Amanda makes a casual remark that if the situation were any different, there might be consequence to Berta picking a fight with someone who is the empress ruling over nearly the entire planet. At this realization, Berta steps down a bit.

Zilia walks up with Rosia, and is surprised to see the room destroyed like this. Looking at Zilia calms down Berta more, as Berta is left to admit to herself that Zilia really is a cute girl, even if despite only being partly human.

Berta then thinks some about another of her other grandchildren. Many decades ago, after things fell apart between Ivan and his then girlfriend Mary, she had a daughter named Lina. Berta only ever saw Lina as a child before Berta was imprisoned, and has little idea what happened to her.

She mentions it to Julian, saying to him "So what ever happened to Lina?" He responds, "I don't know who that is." Berta looks surprised, "She is your older half sister, the daughter of Ivan and his first girlfriend, Mary." He responds, "I hadn't heard anything about her." Berta gives him some information, and he looks it up. Lina did indeed exist, and had later married a man by the name of Klaus Thorne, and together they had a son named Christof. Ivan had left for Arcornia not long after things ended between him and Mary, and as a result he never knew that he and Mary had a child. However, Mary had remained in contact with Berta, and Berta would babysit her granddaughter and "should have been daughter in law" during the time the Arcornian war broke out.

Julian then looks at the faces, before thinking to himself, "Hey, wait, I have seen this person before." Christof had formerly worked for Agatha at Garanette, and Julian had seen him around during the times Yule and Garanette were demonstrating robots in hope of winning contracts. He was a junior engineer, but during these bids he was more often used by Agatha as a gopher, or was given the task of operating the control panels for the Garanette robots during the times when Agatha was off describing the robots features and capabilities.

Christof had a wife named Helena, and together they had two young daughters named Olga and Ingrid. After looking at this, he reports back to Berta, "Yeah, Lina is still around, and is now herself a grandmother." Berta was a bit shocked, just now starting to get a grasp on just how many decades she has been in stasis. The granddaughter that Berta had only seen as a child, to her seemingly not that long ago, was now a grandmother in her 70s, and that her son was now in his 90s. Given Ivan's now advancing age and now elderly condition, it wasn't all that clear to Julian how many years Ivan had left.

Like what was now the situation with Chuck and Chad, Berta and Vladimir were now biologically roughly several decades younger than their son. Berta was similarly dismayed to realize that her niece Marie, who Berta had still remembered as a sickly young woman, had become a cyborg and had died of age-related complications roughly 12 years earlier, dying at the age of 97. In terms of absolute age, Berta was now herself 116, and Vlad was now 121, but biologically they were 56 and 61.

Julian then meets back up with Chuck and the Arcornian King in another room. Now roughly 60 years later, the former country is nearly all but forgotten by the local populace. Meanwhile, the king wants to just walk in and reclaim his position of ruling over them as monarch, which Julian advises against for the time being. Julian does a straw poll among the arthians on the ship as to "What if the king were to return to power?", but the initial results came back overwhelmingly negative.

They debate things some, and the old king is given back authority over the territory originally under his control, even if albeit the area is now largely abandoned and in ruins. Julian agrees to devote the resources needed to help restore their homeland to its prior condition. They then schedule a stop by the old Arcornian Capital to survey its condition.

The old Arcornian territory shares a border with Poivrecornia on the opposite side from Seltara, and is along the route path between Seltara and Central City. The old king has rather mixed feelings about Poivrecornia as they are the ones who he feels are responsible for instigating the war. Julian reassures him that in the new larger Neo Arcornian Empire, both the former Federation territory and the nation of Poivrecornia are now under Julian's authority.

In the meeting, he mentions to Chuck some of the things he had found out, and they call in Agatha, and then talk to her about Christof. Julian requests Agatha and Chuck to go and get back in contact with Christof.

A disturbed Zilia barges in, followed by one of the Petales Dynamics robots, "Rosia is in there?", "What happened?", "I don't know, she just got in, and now it is walking around!" They pop a panel off, and Rosia's jewel is glowing. She is sitting on a bundle of wires, looking rather pleased with herself. When they try to pick her up, the robot moves according to Rosia's will as she sits in there holding on to some cables and is putting up a resistance to them trying to move her. Eventually, they convince her to come out and the robot stops moving and shuts down.

The king is confused, not having seen anything like this before. Julian explains that since the king's time, they had recovered a number of what were then known as Chronix Jewels from the structure known as Niberaux. Many of these jewels had been gathered and researched by Amelia, though Ivan and Nathan had also been working on trying to understand the nature of their power.

 The can cause strange powers to manifest by those who use them. This may take the form of either enhancing existing abilities, or leading to entirely new abilities, or prompting the development of various innate abilities.

 This was followed by Amelia figuring out how to pull off the widespread creation of synthetic jewels which can manifest similar powers but on a smaller scale.

Julian then explains to Zilia that she probably shouldn't have given one of the synthetic jewels to Rosia, given Rosia is too young to really safely handle even a small amount of this sort of power.

Rosia then goes over to another smaller prototype robot Julian had been working on, and as she touches it, the jewel glows and it comes to life. She holds her hand on it for a moment, and as she does so it begins to speak in a human-like manner. It is a spindly collapsible robot with a vaguely humanoid form and its design is otherwise essentially useless for combat.

Julian is disturbed as the robot appears to demonstrate some level of sentience and personality but with an AI that was never completed nor would it have been sufficient for this level of thought. It appears as if Rosia was somehow able to interact with its AI. However, its behavior and speech remains rather glitchy, and its intelligence is fairly limited. It then fades out again and goes quiet shortly after Rosia lets go of it, making her seem sad.


=== Christof ===

Chuck and Agatha go and meet with Christof.

He is surprised to see his old boss again, much less to hear that she came to visit him by at the request of the leader of Neo Arcornia, or to find out that they were all closely related.

When Garanette was dissolved, he had also taken a lot of information from the company, and had continued some of his own line of research. He demonstrated a modified surrogate operating fully autonomously, and able to respond to various visual stimuli and was also able to respond to verbal commands more like that of a fully autonomous robot.

He mentions that he had been able to get modified versions of some of Garanette's older processor designs to run at roughly 1.2 GHz, and achieve a peak performance of roughly 3600 MIPS per core by also modifying the design to allow executing around 3 instructions per clock-cycle, in contrast to a single instruction per cycle as in the older cores. He was able to do this by tweaking the way that the photomasks were generated to increase the transistor density, seemingly working around a fundamental limit in the technology. With only a modest reduction in feature size, he was able to both fit the same cores in less space, and also to increase the speed he could run them at without sacrificing stability.

As a result, a single 8 core processor module was able to outperform the entire robot core from one of the Yule robots, achieving 29000 MIPS and 120 GFLOP. 

After hearing all of this, Agatha mentions this back to Julian, and he finds the prospect interesting given the size and cost of the processor cores was a fairly big cost in each robot.

Julian also sends Amelia to go there and look into how these new processor cores will interact with the presence of Chronus energy. This area was more of her area of experience, and she had also been responsible for the design of many pieces of Chronus-related technology onboard the Neo Arcornian airships.

When she gets there, she looks at Chuck, and expresses a bit of concern. She asks Chuck, "Have we met before?" He responds, "I don't believe we have." "I met you roughly 35 years ago, looking like you do now. You just sorta showed up out of nowhere and stopped me from assassinating Lina Thorne."

Christof breaks into the conversation, "Wait, what? You were going to assassinate my mom?!" She then gets a look at him, recognizing that he looks like the child she saw at the time, and says, "I believe I was. But I was prevented from doing so by Chuck here, and fled afterwards." He responds, with a sound of distress, "So, You were the ghost?!" She responds, "Yes."

He is then a bit upset, and backs off realizing things were so close to his life being completely different. She starts to go over, intending to reassure him that everything is OK, but as she does starts to approach him, she has a concerned thought. She summons a small glossy black rock, and drops it onto a wooden chair. She then looks at the rock, and sees that it is shaking and crackling as it starts to burn into the chair. She then moves her hand over the rock causing it to disappear leaving behind a visible scorch mark on the chair. She then says to both of them "We may have a problem!"

They come over, an she points to the scorched spot on the chair. Christof asks, "What does it mean?" and she responds "Temporal instability. Or in effect it indicates that we are in a part of the timeline that is not entirely stable."

Amelia returns to her lab, and comes back with one of her bracelets. She adjusts the bracelet she is wearing, and following a slight audible chattering she disappears into a puff of smoke.

After a short while, she reappears.

She says to Chuck, "I have set this to the time and place you need to go. I had to do some digging, but it should be correct." "How do you know it will work?" "It worked once, and for now, this is all we have to go on."

Amelia puts the bracelet on Chuck and straps a jewel and a few other devices onto his arm and connects them up with cables. Amelia then gives him a brief explanation of what the various controls and indicators mean. After he thinks he understands, he hits a small button. As he does so, Amelia and Christof freeze in place, and he sees their frozen expressions briefly as them and the world around him begins to fade and them explodes into swirling mass of smoke. After a moment, the smoke begins to collapse back into something more recognizable. He is a bit disoriented and nauseous, collapsing to find himself on a carpet floor. As he gets up, he finds himself in the hallway of a mansion. He wanders around, finding Lina and the young Christof on a couch and watching TV. He seems happy at the moment, there is something on TV, but Chuck can't quite make it out. The TV is a bright glow, and seemingly consists of numerous fuzzy shapes warping around, with brief flashes which look like TV advertisements.

He returns to the hall, and catches view of a much younger Amelia sneaking around. She is a bit distorted, and warps and deforms as she moves. He follows her into a kitchen, where she is standing around as a maid stirs a large pot.

He then adjusts a small knob until Amelia comes into a more stable view and her movement stabilizes and becomes natural looking. To him, she looks more like a child than the woman who had just sent him here to stop her, and he feels almost sad that someone like her was being sent on these sorts of missions, but her expression was that of someone who had been conditioned for this sort of work.

After a moment, Chuck gets her attention, and she looks at him with a fair bit of surprise. Normally she was invisible in this state, and anyone who could see or interact with her will have needed to be able to match her resonance fairly closely.

He says to her, "I know why you are here, and I was sent here to ask of you to reconsider." She responds "What, by who?" "By you, or at least a version of you. All I can really say to that is that things will not turn out well for you if you go through with this." "What reason do I have to believe you?"

He then lifts his sleeve to reveal one of her stones strapped to his wrist with some cables coming off and going to a more advanced version of the bracelets she had been working on, "I know you should recognize this."

He took her into the living room where the family was sitting. The family could not see either him or Amelia. The young Christof was with them, and was upset about something that happened in the show they were watching and went to Lina, who said to him, "There, there, mommy is here for you."

Chuck says to Amelia, "He needs his mom, and in time you will have a need both of them." Amelia asks, "Who is she, exactly?", and the man responds, "Who she is, is a well kept secret. You were sent here, mostly because Marie fears what could happen if her secret came out publicly, and would rather have her eliminated. I am here to tell you though that doing so will not lead to a favorable outcome, and there are other better ways to keep her hidden.", "But, what is her secret?", "She is the elder daughter of Ivan Kentov, one whose existence has been kept hidden from him. She is a relic of the past, and if her existence becomes known, it is feared that Snive may attempt to use her as leverage against The Movement."

Chuck checks the bracelet on his arm, seeing as the dial indicating the remaining energy is getting low. Keeping him there, and in this phase, was fairly quickly using up the energy from the jewel, which limits how long he can stay in that state. He says to her, "We must get going now. Our time here is almost up." Amelia asks, "Who are you?", "In time, I will be an ally of you and your family, but for now you can simply call me Chuck."

As he backs off, he fiddles with the bracelet, and hits the button to return to his own time. As he does so, Amelia's expression jitters and freezes, and the world around him explodes back into swirling smoke, which then reforms back into the older Amelia and Christof standing there just as they were.

Once it stops, Chuck collapses again, and lays there for a minute trying not to lose his lunch. Amelia looks at him, and as things calm down, asks him, "Did it work? Did you manage to get through happen?", "I think so." Amelia then summons the rock again, and drops it on the chair. It makes a noise when it hits, but as she looks at it, it now appears to be stable. She says enthusiastically "Good news, the timeline is now stable." Meanwhile, Chuck proceeds to loose his lunch into a nearby trashcan.

Amelia says to him, "This sort of thing can be a bit rough at first, but you get used to it." He responds, "You do this often?" "Time travel? Not so much. But going on missions where one is out of phase with normal reality, out of sync with the normal progression of time, or operating in the space between universes. Well, I have been around. Unlike most other people, I can also claim to have witnessed my own demise in various ways on more than one occasion." "But, how can you die multiple times?" "Well, in some sense, they are me, and in some sense, they are not. While a person can normally only die once in their life, this doesn't necessarily mean that this is the only place they will die. When someone is in-phase with the universe, normally only a single version of their life is visible to them, but when operating out of phase, multiple versions of reality may become visible as ghosts. What happens within the normal flow of events of ones' life may not necessarily happen the same way in another timeline. As a result, one may be able to see and sometimes interact with events which never happen within ones' own timeline. In this case, one is themselves a sort of ghost standing between realities, much the same as the world around them is a ghost of what could have been."

He asks, "Why did it have to be me?" "I saw you once before, and I knew what you had to say. Given the present situation, it wasn't hard to figure out what I needed to do."

After a little while, Chuck recovers from the whole experience, and they get busy with what they were originally sent there to do.

The processor manages to pass all the tests. They determine that it is compatible with the variant of the instruction set used by the Yule and Petales robots, and that it can pass both the unit tests as well as an integration test where it runs a simulated version of a robot through a collection of various tasks intended to verify correct operation of the robot's AI.

Inside the test, the robot has a body much as it would in real-life, and it is operating in something resembling a combination of a battle field and obstacle course. The robot is then given a time limit, where upon it has to complete puzzles, dispatch enemies, and maneuver the terrain, all while following various commands being barked over a radio with varying levels of audio quality and distortion. The world it sees looks visibly 3D rendered, with the noticeably crappy sky-box art having seams and failing to hide its cube-like nature.

A lot of the objects in the scene resembled ones a robot might encounter in a realistic battlefield, but with the primary difference of them using decidedly poorly drawn texture artwork and 3D models with at times embarrassingly low triangle counts.

However, because it was relevant to the test, most objects in the world had realistic physics, and things like mud would deform realistically under pressure. Likewise, in a part where it needs to go through water, there is a nice-looking splash as the water was also simulated via an elaborate particle system.

These tests were essentially a right of passage for the AIs, as every newly assembled robot was expected to complete this coarse before it can come online, its very first moments of life a mad dash to prove itself worthy of its own existence. To fail this test would have the AI core is diverted and sent to be to the reject pile. If there was a problem in the AI's processor core, in a sense, this is the end of the line for it. Its core would be taken and ground down, its raw materials used to make more processor cores.

However, in testing the AI, it was more important that the test looked realistic enough to validate that the AI was operational, than it was to try to impress the AI with non-terrible texture art. For a robot on the assembly line, after achieving its goal and successfully reaching the end of the obstacle coarse, its dream would end and it would be allowed to open its eyes as it were. It would see the world for the first time, and take its first steps. It would then typically be purchased along with many of its siblings and sent to some battlefield somewhere, or sometimes just to wander around and guard a building.

In a sense, the life of a military robot was harsh and short, but for the most part these AIs were too simple to ever become fully aware of their situation. For most of them, they would never know pain, and they would never know fear.

However, given the complexity and emergent properties of their neural nets, and particularly with the older wetware based cores, every so often an anomaly will develop and one may start to become aware of its existence, and in a brief moment before destruction may come to know fear.

However, for this lowly 8 core processor set up on Christof's lab bench and being fed information from a large metal suitcase, it passed all the tests. It was proving the merit of its existence with exemplary results, completing the obstacle coarse at a speed which would put many of the other robots to shame.

After contacting Julian and getting Amanda involved, they then quickly set to work on devising a way to incorporate it into the existing robot design. They have also been working on ways to try to spin up production for a much larger number of robots. At this point in the war effort, the need for more rapid production of robots has become a factor.


=== Armor ===


Elsewhere, the hunt for Reginald continues.

A number of AI controlled Autonomous Units were deployed to search the area for any signs of life and for any signs of hostility.

Seltara appears to have been largely abandoned. Its population is gone apart from the industrial areas, where the manufacture of Armored Units continues via a now fully cyberized workforce. The main base remains destroyed and appears abandoned. They check in the hangars and various rooms in the base. Everything is empty. It appears its military forces have been moved elsewhere.

The search extends into the nearby countryside, seemingly without much success finding anyone. The country side looks like a number of grassy hills and valleys, with the Selataran capital many miles behind them. Along the way, they encounter occasional small villages and farms, seemingly abandoned apart from the occasional livestock seemingly left to fend for itself in the abandoned farms.

The robots stop to observe the livestock, not quite sure to make of them. The robots wander up to some sheep, trying to get close for a better look, not quite sure what to make of them. Some of the robots attempt verbal communication with the sheep, and other ones proceed to search for the sheep in their database of known targets, but the sheep are decidedly uninterested.

The robots have similarly limited success with the cows and pigs, and in their attempts to make sense of the animals, some of the robots begin making various noises similar to those of the livestock. Their systems were designed to be able to be able to detect faces and perform facial recognition, and in this sense it was working, just maybe a little too well.

Julian, who had been watching remotely, starts to feel a sense of annoyance with the robots sending back a stream of images and "conversations" consisting mostly of moos and baas from cows and sheep, interspersed with the robots trying to moo or baa back to them. It seems encountering livestock was not a scenario the AI's had been tested against, and so the robots were mistakenly identifying them as humanoid, and were trying to see if they livestock could inform them of the whereabouts of the missing army.

The AI's then begin trying to pool their collective resources and experience, and a glimmer of awareness begins to emerge, in which the robots begin to express an odd sense of kinship for the flock of sheep, and the mixed with a beginning of a realization that neither the cows nor the sheep were going to give them the sorts of information they were seeking, marking them as unable to respond to verbal requests.

After the units were all about to be called back, Reginald shows up wearing a large powered armor. The armor is partway between a conventional powered armor and a Armored Unit. It is approximately 5 meters tall. The robots attack the armor, but are unable to do much damage.


A group of roughly 300 Armored Units and around 1000 cyberized soldiers then descend upon their location. The cyberized soldiers promptly begin by opening fire on the robots.

Julian then sends in a number of his robots to help out. A large battle commences between Julian's and Reginald's forces. The Armored Units demonstrate high levels of maneuverability and combat abilities, each destroying a large number of Julian's units. As a result of the battle, a number of larger Petales units are deployed, which can fight on more even terms, but they are still losing ground to the heavy armoring and firepower of the Armored Units.

Many of the Armored Units employ low altitude hovering via their booster legs, and so can move at high speeds. These units are typically equipped with energy weapons, as these are lighter weight. The other slower units use a quadruped configuration, and while slower, are equipped with much heavier weaponry, such as missile launchers, cannons, and heavy machine guns.

Most of the Armored Units are built with interchangeable parts, allowing for some amount of customization for a given task. This is in contrast to the Julian and Petales units, where more of the parts are specific to a given model of robot, and thus there are relatively few configuration options within a given robot line. 

The Petales robots are generally a lot smaller and cheaper and lack the need to haul around a pilot. Because of their comparably lower weight and cost, a much larger number of units can be deployed to the battlefield.

The new core used in the robots is successful, and much cheaper to produce than the older core. As a result there has since been a significant increase in the number of robots they have been able to build and deploy to the front lines. Similarly, because of the increase in available processing power, Julian is able to do a little hackery and dial up their AI capabilities a bit more, making them better able to compensate and avoid taking damage due to the Armored Unit's firepower. The balance of power shifts, with instead of the robots being easy targets, they hit the larger Armor Units more like they are a swarm of angry bees.

After several waves of deployment, there are roughly 4500 Yule and Petales robots on the battlefield, outnumbering the Armored Units by a factor of around 15 to 1.

As a result of this, Julian's forces are ultimately able to prevail, and Reginald's forces are forced into a retreat.

Shortly thereafter, Reginald is hunted down and captured. He is then put on trial for war crimes, which he denies claiming that his actions were all justified given the circumstances. The jury, however, is much less sympathetic to his pleas, and he is given a harsh sentence.

For most of the people living within the former Federation, little has changed in their day to day lives with the change in power, as most of the political structure from the Federation continued on uninterrupted when carried over into Neo Arcornia. As such, they saw little justification in a perceived need for the mass sacrifice of human life in the need of dragging out a pointless war.


=== Meme === 

Although the battles were generally a success, a bug in the networked AI feature caused the awareness of livestock to begin to spread among the robots. Following the battle where Reginald was captured, many of the effected robots began to become uncooperative amid a flurry of moos and baas, actively imitating the behavioral patterns seen in the livestock. Julian then ended up having to disable their use of networked AI and began reverting the effected robots to initial conditions.

Julian brings up the issue with Christof, who in his defense argues that this was mostly due to bugs in Julian's' AI code, and not in Christof's CPU architecture. Part of the issue was due to a combination of running the robots in the field with both networked AI and dynamic learning capabilities enabled, which as Christof saw it was not a good idea in the first place. This was in turn combined with the side effects of running the AIs considerably faster than normal, which resulted in them learning faster but at the same time made them more subject to behavioral alteration from their experiences. As such, the patterns observed from the livestock had begun to displace patterns learned from the original training data, and likewise began to spread from robot to robot.

Even after restoring the robots he brought back to their prior condition, this became something of a perennial problem among many robots who had nothing to do with the Battle for Seltara. Even despite trying to cleanse their systems, the occasional moo or baa could still be heard, which in the presence of unpatched robots could soon lead to the place being overrun with them.

Christof then manages to capture the corruption in action, and shows it to Julian. It is being sent between robots as a blob of sensory data, not normally something seen as being a high priority.

It sort of resembles the robots' initial test course, essentially a set of experience all the robots had shared. This was interspersed with various images of sheep and cows, which then baa and moo and go through various contortions. They go through all manner of various manner of unnatural contortions and start doing things which are otherwise physically impossible, as if the robots were trying to make sense of their behavior while still thinking they had a humanoid anatomy. Then more sheep and cows start showing up, and the madness continues, with all manner of livestock noises turning into an almost maddening chant. Then it basically starts turning into kaleidoscope with various bright colors and various highly pixelated noise patterns, which is more what catches Julian's intention. To the untrained, this might look like just a random surreal video, but to Julian it looks almost like an artificially constructed sequence meant to sabotage the robots' AI. The noise pattern at the end was not just white noise, but rather an adversarial pattern seemingly meant to disrupt normal operation of the neural net, something which would require specific knowledge of the net's architecture to construct.

Christof says, "Any unpatched robots who see this will end up with their neural nets altered and will often begin sending it to other robots, in turn causing the pattern to spread. It isn't just this one though, there are many similar sorts of patterns spreading throughout the network."

Julian asks, "What do you think they are?" and Christof responds, "Well, sir, it seems like they are essentially some sort of meme." "Do you think anyone was responsible for them?" "Unlikely, it appears as if they are arising from emergent processes within the AIs."

This explanation seems problematic, given the AIs structure: At the basic level, much of their sensory processing is done via conventional filter algorithms, and many of their "thoughts" were initially generated from a mix of conventional procedural algorithms and Bayesian networks. The neural nets were then layered on top of these, but wouldn't normally be able to generate information on their own, much less spontaneously. This would seem to imply an inversion of their internal mental hierarchy. What Christof is implying, however, is that the neural nets have instead started selectively ignoring parts of their lower-level algorithms, and instead starting to restructure themselves to generate novel patterns from their sensory data.

This it turns out is possible given the nets were not fully acyclic. As a result, it is possible for the nets to start feeding output from later stages into earlier stages and creating internal feedback loops. Some parts of the net actually included time-delay feedback as an explicit feature, as this helped the robots with tasks like remaining aware of things even when the object had temporarily moved out of view, but these same features had allowed these sorts of patterns to start to form.


=== Epilogue ===

Marcus and Liza return to Seltara, which is has been granted status as an autonomous region within the Neo Arcornian Empire.

With Julian's support, Marcus and Liza are now put in place as the King and Queen of Seltara, and Liza retains her abilities after her children are born. She has a son, which looks like a more human version of Marcus, and a daughter which looks like a more arthian version of herself.

However, Seltara is in need of considerable reconstruction, and the damage done to the citizens is not so easily repaired.

Now, for the first time in nearly a century, peace has finally been returned to the land.

