= Theta Arcornia: The War =


=== First Settlers ===

For them, it was year AR0981 on the Arcornian calander.

Year 0 was established relative to the arrival of First Settlers in Arcornia, though the place they had come from has long been forgotten.

The place which is now Central City in the Federation was established roughly 240 years later, which the Federation insists was the beginning of the world and that the First Settlers were a myth.

The First Settlers had went and built many of the structures known as Ruins.

In the ruins, besides the ancient and sometimes collapsing structures, one could often find various machinery. Many of the ruins were often located near large temples filled with ancient machinery, each with a Huge Jewel in the center. The machinery is typically still functional, but its purpose is unknown.

Many within the Federation had assumed these structures to be primarily ceremonial. Many resembled stepped pyramids, with a room near the top holding the jewel. The jewel will emit a continuous soft glow as it sits within a special pedestal. The Huge Jewel is, decidedly huge, roughly 9 feet across and weighing an estimated 30 tons. There is a strong taboo though against anyone trying to move or otherwise disturb these jewels, as the ancient writings had left a strong warning that disaster would befall the world should these jewels be disturbed.

These temples are placed at a number of locations around the planet, and are regularly placed. If the place where a temple was to be located was in the middle of the ocean, as was the case with Anglas, an island had been created for the temple to sit on.

The people within Arcornia claim that the Arthian race are the direct descendants of the First Settlers, though the original purpose of the ruins and their language has long been lost to them.

This claim has been disputed by those within the Federation, who dismiss this claim as legend and by noting that the Arcornian language is quite distinct from that in the ancient ruins. The University of Povoskia asserts that the First Settlers were a much more mysterious race who then disappeared without a trace, taking much of their knowledge and technology along with them, leaving their world with little more than ruins. Humans and Arthians then having emerged on the scene at a later date, centuries after the First Settlers had disappeared.


One of the more mysterious and least explored of these ancient structures is Niberaux, which moves from place to place and can often be seen briefly above the temples at various points in the year, where it will seemingly appear only for a brief moment and then disappear again. It longest appearance is for about one week over Niberaux lake, and its location for the remainder of the year is generally unknown.

People fear Niberaux, given of those few archeologists brave enough to venture there, few return to tell their tale. Those who have gone there and returned tell of a haunting experience in a deserted place seemingly filled with nothing but ghosts.


=== Goran the Archeologist ===

In the year AR0981, Goran Kentov worked as an archaeologist studying the various ruins as part of the Federation's main University, the University of Povoskia.

The archologists would sometimes retrieve and study pieces of machinery from the ruins, trying to figure out how it worked and its role within the ancient society. This would have to be handled with care, as some machinery was still active and attempting to remove it could have unpredictable results.

Though, as a general rule of thumb, if the machine isn't bolted down, chances are they can remove it. If it is bolted down, and particularly if anything on it is glowing or distorts light, it is better to excercise caution.


Goran would in turn work with other scientists and linguists as part of the University.

The ruins have some number of tomes printed on a long lived material which is seemingly resistant against age and decay due to moisture. Some of them had been transported back to the University for study. The sheets were either opaque or translucent, and were both flexible and durable. We might recognize the material as some sort of long lived plastic, but plastic was relatively unknown in Povoskia at this time.

They had developed making plastics from organic materials via chemical processes, but these were short lived and prone to decay after a few years or when exposed to moisture in the air, but the tomes within the ruins have stayed in nearly perfect condition for the better part of a millenium.


Some of them contain the same text written in multiple languages, and the linguists have been working to decipher them. These languages are strange to those living within the Federation and Arcornia, who speak their own languages.

Many of the Federation nations speak a language known as Povozkii, which is contrasted with the Arcornian and Seltaran languages used in the areas surrounding their respective nations. Similarly, Arcornian and Seltaran use one writing system whereas and Povozkii uses different system.

The archeologists studying the tomes learned the use of what we would recognize as the Latin Alphabet, and by tradition many of the things deciphered from these ancient texts continued the use of this alphabet. They would incorporate ancient terms into their language, and at the same time transliterate Povozkii into this alphabet.

For their computers, they used an ASCII based system, where the lower 128 characters are assigned as one might expect: 00..1F being Control Characters, 20 being Space, 21..2F being symbols, 30..39 being Digits, 41..5A being Uppercase Laters, and so on. For the Federation, they assigned many of the characters in the range of 80..FF to the Povozkii script with scattered characters from the Seltaran script and a range of characters which could be used to draw crude graphics.

Typically the computers were connected to a printer, which would at random times start printing output from the computer. The printer consisted of a wheel of characters which would spin at a near constant speed in front of the paper, with a felt roller continually rolling on a small amount of ink. When the wheel reached the desired position it would be very briefly impacted against the paper and then retracted with the position of the paper being slightly advanced in the process, essentially rolling the letter onto the paper. When the end of a line was reached, the Carriage Return and Line Feed sequence would cause the paper to return to the starting position and advance by one line.

The construction of the computers was a mix of vacuum tubes and electromechanical relays. Tubes were used for some higher-speed functions with relays for many of the other functions. Standing near the processor one would hear a crackling like sound from the continuous rapid movement of the relays.

Spinning cylinders were used for holding information. The cylinder was a hollow metal drum with an iron oxide coating used to hold data. Reading or writing data would consist of moving the desired head into position via a lead-screw, and then waiting for the memory location to pass by the head on the drum. There were multiple heads each dedicated to a certain range of tracks. A range of tracks on the drum would hold the currently executing program, with much of the rest being used for working data.

For larger offline storage, they had large spools of steel wire. The wire would be fed through the middle of a magnetic head structured as a spinning wheel driven by an electric motor. The head would very slightly increase or decrease the speed of the wire to help align itself with the magnetic track on the wire and spin along a spiral path much like a nut spins along on a bolt.

Access to arbitrary locations on the wire was slow, as even during rapid seeking the spools could only move so fast. The head would not be able to read data at these speeds, but instead would be used to count special pulses used to signal the start and end of data blocks. Upon approaching the target position, the wire would slow to its normal speed and then the head would resynchronize its spinning with the spiral track on the wire just before reaching the target block. As the requested block passed across the magnetic head, its contents would either be copied from the wire onto the drum for subsequent processing, or the head would record updated contents from the drum onto the wire.

People would get clever with the timing of execution in the program, trying as best as they could to synchronize the program both with the rate of spin of the drum and the rate at which the wire advanced. If they did so, they could avoid stopping or seeking the wire, both of which could add considerable time to that needed to complete an operation.

Despite being seemingly slow, the speed at which data could be read from the wire was still or drum was still much faster than what the printer could keep up with. Tasks which involved both processing data and printing would then either be interleaved, or the wire would need to be stopped and restarted at regular intervals.

The machine internally had 8 main registers, each 16 bits, along with several control registers. Instructions were 16 bits wide and would be presented at a constant rate dictated by the rotation of the drum, and as a result the program was essentially "built" around the structure of the drum. A branch was typically expensive, so they were used sparingly. It was typically faster to compute data from multiple branches, and then discard the results from the branches which aren't needed. Periodic branching was still necessary, as after a certain period of time, the track will wrap back around and repeat. Sometimes this was useful though, as a loop could be structured to simply repeat its body a number of times and wrap around the drum with a branch taken once the loop has completed. Oftentimes, if an instruction sequence was too long to fit within one revolution, a branch would move execution to the next track with the instruction stream rotated along the track to compensate for the physical movement time of the read-head.

During a branch, execution in the processor would be disabled by "muting" the relevant clock cycle. Once the head is on the correct track, the electronics would wait until the desired position at which point it would unmute the clock signal from the drum. In effect, the whole computer was driven from a clock signal generated from an encoder on the drum, with a lone hole in the spinning encoder disk used to encode the zero position.

As a consequence, the recorded length of an instruction on the drum corresponds fairly directly with the number of clock cycles needed to execute it, and any multi-cycle operations would typically need to be padded with NOP instructions.

Similarly, the data-capacity of the drum was finite which at times put limits on the size and complexity of the programs which could be executed, though programs could be stored and loaded from perforated tape. Some clever people realized they could allow for larger programs by strategically loading additional program code and data from the tape during execution, with the drawback that reading from the tape was rather slow and the sliding springy contacts used for detecting holes were prone to wear.

While this fell well short of the computers described in the ancient tomes, this was about the best they could manage with the resources they had available.


The tomes described many things. There were things they could understand, and things they could not. Even of those things they could understand, many were beyond their reach. They worked hard, studying the tomes, and the ruins, with at times an almost religious level of conviction.


=== Marie's Condition ===

Goran has a wife named Jenny. They have two children together, and elder son named Sergei and a younger daughter named Berta.

Sergei has a wife named Sandra, and together then have a 14 year old daughter named Marie.

Marie is starting to show symptoms of her inherited degenerative condition. There is no known cure to the condition, and those who are afflicted by it usually have a significantly shortened lifespan. The condition is recessive, and Jenny, Sergei, and Sandra were all carriers. As luck would so have it, a roughly 25% probability in this situation, Marie inherited the condition.


Marie's condition was little studied by the Federation as it was normally rare among humans, however the condition was somewhat more common among arthians. Usually symptoms would begin to appear around adolesence, and the person's health would decay steadily over many years, with the final stages often involving the limbs atrophying and then eventually becomming necrotic.


The usual solution within the Federation was to euthanize patients with these sorts of conditions when they are discovered. The specifics were prone to vary, but the end result was similar. Wealthier individuals could opt for medical treatment rather than euthanization, and many others could opt for the death to be done quietly, for a price.

For others, they would get a free trip to the "Final Stay Resort", where "With Final Stay, you can go quietly, or you can go out with a bang." The elderly and those whose conditions were deemed terminal were often subjected to various manner of game shows. Those who did well, or were just sufficiently lucky, were allowed to ride out the last few days of their life in relative dignity, allowed to live in relative luxury. At the time of their departure they will be euthanized via a form of lethal injection, potentially with their corpse being sent off to be used for scientific or medical research.

For those who were less lucky, their death would be turned into more of a spectacle. They would be picked seemingly at random, and then subjected to whatever forms of execution were deemed most entertaining to the viewers. This could be anything from pits of spikes, to being smashed with a giant hammer, to being shot out of a cannon at a target, among any number of other possibilities. To keep things from becomming stale, the nature of the activities and the means of execution were often switched up.

Often the viewers included the family of the condemned, who would watch, often in horror, just to be able to see their family members in the last moments of their lives. This experience was often traumatic, but for much of the population these sorts of spectacles were quite entertaining.

Goran, fearing this outcome if her condition were discovered, took the now 14 year old Marie along with her family and was able to flee with them into Arcornia.


=== Berta and Vlad ===

By this point Berta had now started to live her own life and decided instead to stay behind in Central City. She was 29 and had recently moved in with her boyfriend Vlad who was about 5 years older than she was and Vlad was making good money as a prosecutor.

Not long after they have a son together they name Ivan, they then had another son who they named Theodore.

From an early age Ivan had an interest in building stuff, and was sent to school within the public education system within Povoskia.

However, school life was pretty rough for Ivan and Theodore and they faced a certain amount of stigma due to their association with Goran. Given Goran's position within the University, and by extension him having access to classified information and projects within the Federation military, and that he had left without going through the proper channels or getting clearance from the military, his actions were seen as being an act of treason against the Federation.

Berta and Vlad had never formally married, and their relationship was at times a bit rocky. Berta was prone to angry outbursts and going into fits of rage. Vlad normally maintained a calm demeanor and tried his best to calm the situation no matter what she threw at him, either figuratively or literally. 

Even in his home life, Vlad tried to keep things organized and professional. He still cared for Berta and for his children, even if at times she didn't make it easy for him. Much to Berta's annoyance, Vlad tried to maintain the demeanor expected for a member of the court.

In the court, a prosecutor would be expected to calmly and impartially present their arguments and evidence. The ideal was that, whether they win or lose, they would be divested of any personal bias or interests in regards to the outcome. Both the prosecution and defense were to present evidence and argue their cases to the best of their abilities, with the ideal that ultimately the truth will prevail.

Once all the evidence is presented, a small panel of judges will decide amongst themselves and then declare a verdict. Typically, the number of judges was kept as a prime number as this limited the potential for deadlocks. The number of judges involved would similarly vary with the scale of the case. A small local case might only involve only a single judge, whereas ones involving all of Povoskia or the Federation would involve 13 judges.

At home Vlad wasn't a person of many words, prefering to quietly relax after long days of verbal arguments. In his time, he has had run ins with a number of criminals. Some were put away for their crimes, and others allowed to walk. It didn't help his mind that many were locked up and would curse his name for no other reason than because of him doing his job.

This was, in a way, how it was. He didn't really want to be a prosecutor, he would much rather work on defense. However, the prestige and pay was generally better for a prosecutor, and this was in a way just how the cards had landed.

Seeing as how much of the rest of their family had relocated to Arcornia, Vlad had decided to teach their children the Arcornian language in addition to the Povosk language they used in their day to day lives. While there was some similarity, there were a lot of differences, and the languages were traditionally written using different alphabets.


For comparrison, the Povosk writting system is superficially similar to a mutated form of Cyrillic, whereas Arcornian more resembles the Latin alphabet but with a lot more use of accented characters.

The languages used wouldn't be particularly recognizable in our world as they had derived from mashups of other languages. They can't be directly compared with languages in our world beyond what little remains of the languages they once were, as there was significant linguistic drift over the following thousand years.


=== Goran in Arcornia ===

In the year AR0983, after moving to Arcornia, Goran takes on Chuck Halle as his lab assistant. They begin working together in search of a cure to Marie's condition.

While there was no cure known to the people of Arcornia, they did have treatments to significantly slow down the progression of the condition.

Chuck has a wife named Claire, and together they have sons named Chad and Anthony. Chad is a small black furred male and is the older of the two siblings, whereas Anthony has light brown fur.

Chuck also has a cousin named Zoe who is married to a man named Zakovo and together then have a son named Renault.

To everyone around, Zakovo was quite an unusual sight. Pretty much everyone else has light skin, and even the other Arthians generally all have light skin under their fur. Zakovo, however, had skin with black stripes under his fur. His fur pattern had prominant black stripes amidst his bright orange fur, and eyes which seemed to be entirely dark.

Some years early, Zakovo had crash landed into Zoe's farm. She found him inside a small ship. He was wearing a very unusual suit and surrounded by a thick layer of foam padding, entomed much like one might package a delicate item for shipping. His suit had a number of hoses and cables connecting him to the ship, and he was initially unconscious when he landed.

After Zoe found him, she removed him from the ship and dragged him back to her house on a cart. After he awoke, he was confused having little idea where he was or what was going on. Initially, they could not communicate, but Zoe was able to teach him the Arcornian language to an acceptable degree, and in time he was able to describe the place he was from.

Despite their considerable differences in size, and the difficulties which existed in an intimate relationship between them, Zoe and Zakovo later married. 

It came as a surprise to both of them when Renault came along. While Renault was much smaller than a normal child from his race, Zakovo was pleasantly surprised by him inheriting enough of his markings to be clearly his child. They had not expected to have children together given both had assumed they were different species given Zakovo was an alien. Afterwards, they had another son named Rotamax, and a daughter named Zuria.

Compared with Renault, Rotamax and Zuria looked a bit plain. Rotamax having a tawny fur pattern, and Zuria being light gray. However, given how quickly they grew and their other unusual physical characteristics, it was still apparent that they were hybrids.


In the world Zakovo was from, the population had primariy dark or tiger-striped skin underneath their fur, and their eyes had a large iris which was dark, causing their eyes to look black. Their fur color varried, as did the patterns of their markings, though many resembled the colors and patterns typical of various forms of house cats. Similarly, there was only a single race on their world. They were larger than a human at approximately 9 feet tall and their world had a considerably denser atmosphere.

Their world was also comparatively technologically advanced, with much of their planet was covered in a sprawling urban landscape. This was in contrast to the world he found himself on, which was for the most part sparsely populated and dominated more by rural communities and the occasional city which could more accurately be described as a large town.

However, their world was facing the looming threat an environmental instability, and many of them set off for other habitable worlds. A number of them landed on this world and many had integrated into the Arthian community, many others having reached other worlds. Their ships, however, were limited to sub-light travel, and had operated mostly on the principle of putting the occupant into suspended animation and then accelerating them to relativistic speeds. The ship would then attempt to decelerate as it approached the target system and land safely on the planet once it arrived. Not many of them were aware that many of those who arrived had been effectively traveling for centuries, and the extensive padding and specialized suit they wore were designed to try to give them at least a fighting chance at surviving the G-forces involved in their trip, and if their ship had failed to decelerate they would miss the target system entirely, traveling aimlessly through the depths of space at near lightspeed. For the most part, those who arrived did not enjoy a full lifespan due partly to the damages of long-term spaceflight combined with not being well adapted to the thinner atmosphere. However, many of their descendants continued to live on, and so it wasn't entirely uncommon to see people who looked like Arthians but were much larger than normal, though most only grew to around 7 feet and were typically stockier than their ancestors.

Not long after the mass exodus, those who remained were eventually able to discover that the problems they were facing were due to malfunctioning machinery in one of their ancient temples, and were able to perform a ritual as described in one of the tomes to repair it. They quested to find a mystical key, which would open a magic lock, to allow another strange artifact to be inserted and used. This would reveal a plate with an ancient indentation of a handprint roughly the size of a normal human hand. With a bit of forcing one of them, a small child, was able to wedge their hand into the indentation well enough to trigger the device to activate. Matters were not helped though by the ancient sliding cover managing to get stuck after only partially opening, forcing the use of a not so mystical pry bar to get it to fully open.

This did the equivalent of causing the various environmental systems to essentially power-cycle, doing the functional equivalent of turning them off and then turning them back on again. Shortly therafter, everything began to return to normal. 


In other times and places, members of other races of aliens had landed, leading to the formation of isolated communities which could sometimes look quite distinct from the normal Arthian or Human. Some of these communities included members who looked more equine in nature, who identify themselves as Maretians. There were also communities of darker skinned humans. Some members of these communities were captured and taken back to the University for study. While those in the University had little difficulty justifying the encounter of the Maretians, they were confused that a seemingly alien race could look almost exactly like themselves, just with dark skin and black frizzy hair but no other obvious anatomical differences.

After a few nights where the researchers got maybe a little too curious, they soon discovered that interbreeding was possible. After much testing and controversy within the ranks of the University, the researchers were ultimately forced to conclude that what they were dealing with was some other variant of humans. Not long afterwards some experiments were began to see if they, or their hybrid offspring, were able to be integrated into Povosk society.

As with Zakovo, most of these groups had been making an effort to flee from their own dying worlds, sending ships to planets in other systems which looked habitable. Others had been fleeing from hostile invasion forces who were intent on exterminating the indiginous populations.


The partial exception was the Maretians, who had instead begun their own effort to establish colonies and outposts on various other inhabited worlds. They had established a community to the north of Arcornia, and had named their area New Maretia after their homeworld. Their homewold had since entered into its own slow decline, though this fact was hidden from the other races. Life did not proliferate on their planet, and they had become increasingly reliant on resources from other worlds to sustain their population.

Their technology was quite unfamiliar to those in the University, but otherwise shared some similarities with that of ruin technology. Maretian writing also had some similarity with that of the ruins, but they were also using a lot of symbols which were unfamiliar.

The Maretians stood upright and were around 8 feet tall. They had human-like arms and hands, but equine faces and tails, and a unicorn like horn on their heads. Unlike the other races, maretians were unable to interbreed with either humans or arthians. They also posessed some unusual abilities which they would describe as being magical abilities to other races, however most of these abilties were based on technology and cybernetics rather than on any innate psychic abilities. Both their computer and medical technology was somewhat more advanced than what had existed in Povoskia.

Maretians were also unlike arthians in that their diet consisted entirely of plant material, with them having neither the desire nor ability to eat meat products as their digestive system worked somewhat differently. Similarly, the plants that Maretians commonly ate were toxic to both humans and arthians. 

Though humans regularly included plant material in their diet, many of the food crops eaten by humans were toxic to Maretians. Within their community they had various indoor farms where they would grow their strange and exotic food crops. 

These were plants they brought with them from their homeworld, and were grown under controlled conditions. The atmosphere was similar to their homeworld, with a nitrogen and CO2 base with large amounts of hydrocarbons such as methane, hexane, pentane, and butane present. Their world, instead of having clear blue skies and sunshine, had an environment with a dull reddish glow during the daytime hours. There was a significant amount of fog due to all the hydrocarbons present, and relatively little light made it through the atmosphere. These conditions were fairly natural to the Maretians, but without appropriate equipment were lethal to humans and arthians.

Similarly, the atmospheric pressure on their homeworld was roughly 3.5 bar, which would need to be accounted for when transitioning between enviroments in order to limit the effects of decompression sickness.


While the plants they grew did produce oxygen as a byproduct, it was typically short lived on Maretia as it would quickly react with the hydrocarbons in the atmosphere. Oxygen was a valuable resource to them, and on their homeworld they would grow their plants inside special greenhouses to allow them to collect the oxygen produced which could be used as an oxidizer. Similarly, extracting the oxygen from the air helped keep their food crops from randomly going up in flames which was a frequent problem with vegetation grown out in the open environment.


Socially, those in the Maretian community on their world followed under the leadership of a Princess, who in turn answers to a Queen who still lives on their homeworld. The Maretians had a machine which allowed for members of their comunity to travel to and from their homeworld. A large ring would spin around, and a spherical capsule would appear inside. If someone got in the capsule, the ring would spin and this person would soon find themselves on the homeworld with the capsule inside another such ring. Each time the rings were activated, the capsule would jump from one side to another, with retracting stairs and a door which when extended would prevent the mechanism from engaging.

The Maretians also had the ability to initial local teleportation from one place to another via portable units, though this was used sparingly as the results could sometimes get a bit messy.

Inside the capsule, there were several Maretian sized seats, along with a fair amount of space for strapping down various forms of cargo. In the center there was a panel holding a large rectangular jewel facing the ceiling of the capsule, with a number of conduits emerging from the sides of this panel. The conduits would point outwards from the side a short distance, and then turn 90 degrees and head into the floor. The panel was seemingly suspended in mid air, held in place by the network of conduits.

The type of jewel in the panel were known as Sollus Jewels, and were a central component of many pieces of Maretian technology. Though, the exact nature and origin of these jewels is a closely guarded secret known to few outside of the Queen's Royal Court. Despite their exotic nature, the jewels themselves were relatively cheap and commonplace among the Maretians, and faulty jewels or those from failed equipment would often used as an item of trade with the various societies they encountered. In most places, they were seen as little more than a shiny object to be used in pieces of jewelry, but a few would realize their exotic nature and begin trying, usually in vain, to understand their secrets.

The color of the jewel varried, but they usually had vibrant colors and would glow brightly if they resonate with a given energy source. Though not usually their original intended purpose, they could be fitted with mirrors and used as a fairly powerful solid state laser, though doing so would usually also lead to considerable spatial warping around both the jewel and the emitted beam. If the power were turned up too high, space in the surrounding area would collapse and everything within a certain radius would disappear never to be seen again.


During transport inside one of the capsules, the world would seemingly warp around the capsule and then collapse into a single point of light. At this moment, they were in a semingly boundless black void as the point of light faded from view.

Gravity would disappear during this time, and the space surrounding the capsule was a hard vacuum. Any other loose debris which got caught up in the capsule's departure would typically begin to float away into the void.


After a good number of seconds, a point of light would appear again on the other side of the capsule. Just as quickly, this point of light would expand into the world around them. It was as if the world explodes outwards from a single point and wraps around them like a blanket.

From observers on either side, the departing capsule looks as if it rapidly collapses into a point, and an emerging capsule just as quickly appears as a tiny point and nearly instantaneously grows to its normal size.

To outside observers, travel between worlds was nearly instantanous, and the travels were, at least usually, able to make a round trip and end up more or less still in the same timeline from which they had left.

This was still an unresolved issue for them, as it was quite difficult to break lightspeed without either ending up in the distant past or future, or avoid potentially ending up in a different timeline entirely. However, Maretian technology had gotten this down to a science, and they were able to travel with only minimal time drift and with only small details in the timeline differing between the source and destination.



Neither the Maretians nor the Federation wanted to cause trouble for the other, and as such interaction between them primarily diplomatic in nature. There was also some interaction between the Maretians and Arcornians, but also some conflicts as each side found the others' diet to be disgusting.

It was hypothesized that if either side tried eating the others' food, they would probably die.

An arthian might casually pull out and open a can of rancid smelling fish byproducts, causing a Maretian to back off in disgust. But, at the same time, an arthian would have little tolerance to seeing a Maretian go through a period of extended chewing of what looks like a hacked up cactus which is similarly leaking out a milky white slime and emanating a smell like that of burning tires.

Both communities were largely indifferent to the other, but some trade was established mostly in terms of raw materials. The Maretians had some demand for large amounts of metal ores, and in turn they would sell some of their food crops, which the Arcornians had discovered, while otherwise inedible, could be processed and used as feedstock for making products like tires and engine fuel.

Within their colony, the Maretians were also compressing large amounts of air and shipping it back to their homeworld. Large tanks of liquified Maretian air were sent back to the colony, which could be used for anything from growing crops to running combustion engines.


Goran also got access to some of these exotic plant materials and some other things by trading with the Maretians. He began to investigate if anything in them could be possible use as a cure. However, his efforts here were rather fruitless.

As far as he could tell the juice from the plants was, apart from color and texture, seemingly more like that of crude oil than normal plant sap. He also observed that the plants were quite flamable and prone to spontaneous ignition if anywhere near a source of open flame, but couldn't find much which seemed to have much obvious medicinal application.

The ability of Maretians to survive in his enviroment was itself a bit of a mystery. They could adapt to live in both oxygen and hydrocarbon environements, but needed a transition period within a special chamber to move between one environment and the other. Over a period of several hours, the air in the chamber would be slowly replaced with a purified mixture of nitrogen and CO2, after which the remaining components of the air would be slowly replaced with either an oxygen or hydrocarbon atmosphere.

If the process was rushed, the effects were quite painful and could potentially result in spontaneous combustion.

This process did not work on humans as they would quickly begin to experience problems due to CO2 toxicity and the process would need to be quickly aborted. 

Arthians fared better during the first part of the process, but would begin to fall ill once hydrocarbons were introduced. Unlike humans, arthians could survive for a short while in the Maretian environement via the use of a mask containing an air filter made of charcoal.


Other organisms from the Maretian homeworld were unable to survive the transition process. Unlike the Maretians themselves, most other lifeforms from their homeworld proved to be quite flamable and prone to spontaneous combustion in an oxygen rich environment. However, apart from the Maretians themselves and organisms directly or indirectly related to their foodcrops, there was seemingly very little biological diversity on their homeworld.

They have earthworms which help with their crops, and a few insect-like creatures which serve as polinators or for other specialized and useful roles, as well as algea and an assortment of aquatic creatures with various uses, but seemingly these are about the only forms of life which exist on the Maretian homeworld.

The Maretians have little explanation, and the Goran is left to puzzle over how such a thing could come to be. To him, a Maretian polinator looks almost exactly like a honey bee. Its physical anatomy is basically the same, from its legs to compound eyes to its body shape and stinger. Its beehives also look the same as an have the same basic composition to those of oxygen-breathing honey bees. Seemingly, the only difference is that these bees can't survive the presence of oxygen. If he were to take one of these bees and expose it to air, and it will fall to the ground and a short moment later will burst into flames. If an oxygen-breathing bee is moved into their environment, it will fly for a short distance and then drop to the ground, seemingly dead.

Goran collected and analyzed some of the Maretian bee's honey, and it is otherwise similar to normal bee honey apart from being saturated with volatile hydrocarbons. If subjected to vacuum distilation to remove the hydrocarbons, the end result also smells and tastes like normal honey (as opposed to having a smell and taste more like that of gasoline).


Apart from places where Maretian's lived, their world was relatively barren. Goran had set up a few experiments with some plants in a large chamber and a small behive. Initially things went pretty normally, and the plants grew as could be expected. As they grew and leaves would die, a thick oily substance would form at the base of the plant, and oxygen levels would gradually climb. He had one of the Maretian pumps installed, but unknown to him an accumulation of dense hydrocarbons coming off the plants have began to clog the air outlet with a tar like substance.

Once the vent was blocked, the oxygen content began to rise, and at one point a few of the bees collapsed in the field of plants. After a moment, the fallen bees caught fire and caused all the plants to go up in flames. This pattern had happened many times and had effectively hindered the proliferation of vegetation on the Maretian homeworld.



=== Another Visit to Anglas ===

In the year AR0991 Goran had returned to Anglas seeing if he could find anything helpful. The writings in the ruins were rather sparse about many subjects, most containing information about topics which were very cryptic to him. Some information was very dense and opaque, structured as tables of hexadecimal numbers and acronyms, and often it might require years of study and research into a topic to be able to decipher what these tables might mean. However, many great discoveries had been made over the years by deciphering these tables, and just one of them might contain clues to a cure for the condition which afflicted Marie.

In his time on Anglas at the temple site, Goran witnesses an Arthian male appear seemingly out of nowhere. The man sits down on the steps, and after a while then carries on a conversation with someone using an unknown machine. Goran has little idea what sort of machine it is, having never before seen a flat-panel display before, much less one which can display images in color.

The most advanced display technology Goran had seen was in the University. However, this technology was limited to small back and white CRT displays. Typically the display tube would be about 3 inches wide and about 5 inches deep. It was difficult and expensive for them to make larger display tubes, so they chose instead typically to use magnifiers.


He listens in on the conversation, but has a hard time hearing what they are talking about from his distance. He can hear from the tone of his voice that the man is saying sleazy things to the lady on the other end, and that the her and one of her friends on the other side are upset about it about it. He then catches sight of an elderly cyborg woman on the screen, and listens in harder and manages to hear that the elderly woman's name is also Marie.

Goran was in the temple at the time, and witnessed the event from the door of the temple. He was quiet not to make a sound and evaded being seen so as to not be noticed by the man who had seemingly appeared out of nowhere.

The man then vanishes into smoke shortly thereafter.

As Goran looks around after the man disappears, he sees some weird distortions, and what looks like ghostly figures moving around the temple. He is unable to identify the ghostly figures, and is left wondering if he is experiencing some sort of hallucination.

Near where the man had vanished, there were some pieces of metal around where he was standing. The pieces of metal look similar to those used in the machinery in the ruins, but seem to posess regenerative capabilities. When damaged, they would regenerate itself back into its original shape.


When Goran gets back to Arcornia, he reports the experience back to Chuck, and mentions that he had seen a man appear out of thin air and then talk to a cyborg woman named Marie using some unknown machine.

Chuck is seemingly rather surprised that such a thing is even possible, but if his life has taught him anything, it is that sometimes there are things in life that go beyond what is easily believed.

Chuck begans to analyze the regeneratin metal. Seemingly, the metal is related to the long-lived nature of the temple machinery. Chuck looks at the sample under a microscope, but is mostly unable to make sense of what he sees. It appears as if it has a regular celular structure largely similar to that of a plant. He then has a crazy idea, and decides to see what happens if he grafts a fragment to a potted office shrub. Much to his amazement, a piece of temple machinery begins to grow organically from the place on the shrub, seemingly organically fused into the plant.

Chuck later removes the now regrown part from the shrub, and begins to write a research paper on the subject. However, he notices when later looking back at the shrub that it is now covered in growing metallic spikes, and the shrub has now begun to wilt and die. The he looks closely under a microscope and notices that the spikes resemble miniature versions of the part, and have started seemingly started replacing the shrub with copies of themselves, depleting the plant's resources in the process. This process ceases when the shrub is reduced to a spike-covered stick looking otherwise somewhat dead.

Fearing what the Federation might do with such a thing if they found out about it, Chuck has second thoughts and then decides to keep his research into these topics in secret. Outside of Chuck, Goran, and the Arcornian King, there are few even within Arcornia which know about this line of research.

Chuck discovers that the metal is sensitive to magnetic fields. If exposed to a sufficiently strong alternating magnetic field it will liquify. In another experiment, he takes a plant clipping and puts it into a solution where some of the liquid metal has been mixed into the water. The clipping begins to grow roots, as normal, but curiously the plant clipping began to transform into a seemingly still living but otherwise glossy metallic version of itself.

Under a microscope, it still resembles the original plant's structure, but nearly every part of the plant has been invaded by the metal. The plant seemingly gains the healing ability from the metal, where if part of the plant is removed, it will regrow just as it was before, and the clipping will try to regrow the original plant. If left on its own the plant is otherwise still able to grow mostly as normal.

The process, however, is much less effective if used on organic matter where cell death has already occured, typically resulting in a crude metallic and generally non-functional approximations of the original structure. The metal is seemingly specialized to the properties of organic matter.

Chuck begins to realize he is dealing with something quite unknown, but is unable to see using his microscope any of the means by which it works. Seemingly, it is as if tiny metal fibers begin to interface with biological cells, and at the same time alter their structure and behavior to facilitate the formation of tiny metallic structures. It is as if every cell gains an internal reinforcing scaffolding, along with a system of mechanical linkages to adjoining cells.

He then begins to investigate what sorts of effects the metal has when exposed to animal tissue. His first experiments on mice end up as gruesome failures. But, with continued experimentation, he is able to develop a process whereby they are able to survive, and then figures how to control it enough that it can be applied over selective areas.

Chuck then goes visiting other places looking for more clues. He goes looking around in various islands known to have ruins on them, but doesn't find much. On some of the islands, he finds isolated groups of villagers. Some are hostile, but many are friendly. On many of the islands, he ends up treating peoples' medical conditions and giving them medical supplies. Many of the supplies contain vaccines for common diseases, along with various drugs used to treat the effects of various common genetic disorders and chromosomal abnormalities.

If a vaccine were used effectively, many of these diseases could be eliminated within a generation. Likewise, many of the genetic and chromosomal treatments could effect the germline to eliminate ot at least limit the condition reappearing in the next generation.

The villages are often very pleased to be able to be free of their afflictions, and that many of their sick children were bought back from the brink of death, that they go through a lot of effort to help their newfound friend find and explore the ruins he was seeking.

As Goran explored and looked for clues, he was just trying to help the villagers and wasn't really thinking about how it might benefit him or how his actions at that time might influence the lives of future generations.

Marie ended up as the main babysitter for Chad and Anthony, the experience being to Marie a bittersweet reminder of the life of parenthood she will never be able to experience for herself due to her condition. She takes care of them much as if they were her own children.


=== Goran's Capture ===

In the year AR0998, Goran decided to return to the ruins to search for more information, looking for information which could lead either to a cure, or to help him explain some of Chuck's discoveries.

He returns once again to Anglas, and begins searching for tomes there for information that he and his former collegues may have missed. When he is there, he brings along Sandra as an assistant.

Their activities don't go entirely without notice, as he is spotted by another of his former collegues who had also been investigating the ruins at the time. This collegue was searching there for clues about a mysterious black sand which had been recovered from the site many years earlier. There was no mention of it in any of the tomes, and its ability to consume and replace organic tissue were quite unusual. The professors who studied the sand, after their initial experiments, concluded that the substance was quite dangerous and kept what samples they collected contained inside a large freezer. Other researchers had also been deployed to Anglas with the task of identifying and collecting any other samples of the material before it can spread.

Upon returning to the University, the researcher casually mentions this to one of his superiors, the head of the Archeology department within the University. This superior knew about Goran's wanted status and then contacts the Federation authorities, expecting a big payoff.

The Federation authorities then quickly head off to Anglas and manage to capture Goran and Sandra before they left back to Arcornia.

Goran is charged with treason against the Federation for leaving without authorization and taking both Federation citizens and secret technology along with him. They are imprisoned and interrogated for several months, after which both Goran and Sandra are publicly executed.


Everyone in the Kentov family is shocked and saddened when this happens.

The Federation tries but is unable to retrieve the rest of the Kentov family. After the execution of Goran, the rest of the family is put under protection by order of the King of Arcornia, who has refused to turn them over knowing that they would face a similar fate.

During their time in Arcornia. Sergei had formed a secret side relationship with another woman named Nadia. She was much younger than Sandra, and as a half human hybrid felt out of place among the other Arthians. From her human side, she had inherited a larger than normal stature. Many other Arthians would keep their distance as she towered above them. Similarly, with her light blond fur and blue eyes, if the lighting was right she looked almost human.

There was some mutual attraction between Nadia and Sergei, and they ended up hooking up at various times as Sergei and Sandra's relationship became more distant, and Sandra had instead decided to spend more of her time doing research with Goran into possible cures for Marie's condition. In Sandra's mind, she just wanted her daughter to be a happy and healthy life.

After Sandra's death, Sergei plays it cool, slowly bringing his relationship with Nadia out into the public. He tries to play it as if he had met her during his time of grief, even if the truth of the matter was that they were together well before this point.

About a year later after Sandra's death, Sergei then marries Nadia, and together they have a daughter they name Julia, who looks mostly human.


=== Ivan in Central City ===

In the year AR1003, and back in Central City, Ivan was still living with Berta. 

Berta had not taken Goran's execution well, and had taken up a bit of a drinking habit. Likewise, things between Berta and Vlad had since fallen apart and they were no longer living together.

Vlad had since started taking up more of an activist role in the courts, trying to push for more equal treatment of arthians and some of the other minority races within the Federation. In his mind, rights and privledges granted to humans in Povoskia should be upheld for all sentient races regardless of how human or inhuman they appear to be. To this end, he was facing a fair amount of opposition within the courts, and started being removed from cases as a result.

Ivan had also developed sort of a mixed reputation. He had finished his years in the public school system, and it had been arranged that he would then have been transferred to the University. However, for undisclosed reasons, he was denied admittence. While he was able to do some of his own research, no one would acknowledge him, nor would they accept or publish any of his papers.

The situation with Goran had become an ugly stain within the reputation and prestige of the University. In much the same way Ivan was a reminder of Goran, leading those within the University to distance themselves preferring to avoid risking further harm being caused to their reputation.

Though faced with a seemingly similar situation, Theodore had managed to get in on as an intern in a factory working on military equipment. He wasn't paid very well and he was basically working on an assembly line, but it was better than nothing.


Ivan spent some time with his girlfriend Mary. They had met during his final year in school roughly two years prior and Ivan was now 20. They hadn't made any serious plans for the future yet. Ivan was hopeful, and they had 'gotten together' a few times by that point, but Mary had some hesitation about taking things too quickly. Mary was looking into getting into the University hoping to persue a career in biomedical engineering. Ivan and Mary had some long conversations about biomedical technology and the possibilities for future development of prosthetic limbs, cybernetic enhancements, and artificial replacement organs. This wasn't technology which widely existed yet.

Within the University, there had been some experimention with artificial hearts operated using pneumatics, and with motorized prosthetic limbs operated via pressure switches, but nothing to the level of what was really needed here. There were some more advanced projects going on, but many of these were secretive projects being run by the Federation Military.

Mary wasn't otherwise all that notable. She was then, a fairly typical 19 year old. She was blond and reasonably tall, with a fairly thin body type and large black-rimmed glasses. She was seemingly one of the few people Ivan felt he could talk to as an equal, and they felt they could both come to a sense of mutual understanding talking about their various interests. She was able to keep up with him when he talked about robotics, and was otherwise reasonably skilled in the types of mathematics involved and could tackle most anything practical engineering problems could throw at her, even if her skills often fell flat when faced with more abstract theoretical problems.

Ivan took matters more into his own hands, considering himself more of an experimentalist he wanted to actually build things rather than merely design them into perpetuity. He gathered parts from a nearby junkyard and began constructing some of his own machines. Due to the lack of sufficient computational power, he build some robots and begins considering the idea of experimenting with the use of small animals with neural interfaces as pilots.

He couldn't build the technology for the neural interfaces himself, but was able to get ahold of some amount of Maretian technology on the black market. The black market was a little bit of an open secret, selling a wide variety of items which would normally be considered contraband within the Federation. This could include various forms of heavy weaponry, but also some amount of both military and alien technology.

The black market was also frequently visited by students and researchers of the University looking for technology which can help them get ahead of their peers, or where researchers might resell equipment "borrowed" from the University labs or created as part of prior research projects to other researchers. Once the project was completed, and the paper written and submitted, there was often no longer a need for the sometimes highly specialized pieces of lab equipment. The researchers would then resell it for a quick profit as the University didn't keep close track of equipment that would otherwise end up being retired to a closet or storage room somewhere on the campus. Much of it would then end up moving from one lab to another. Iw would allow one researcher to get rid of old junk in order to free up space for new junk, and another researcher to get equipment they need for their project for a fraction of what it would cost to buy it new. Because it ultimately saved them money, the administration within the University would often turn a blind eye to lab equipment being bought and resold via the black market so long as the researchers didn't buy or sell anything which is likely to raise issue with the Military.

Ivan became sort of a regular, selling some amount of salvaged junk, and then using the profits to buy more specialized parts and equipment needed for his projects.

Ivan's haul included some number of Maretian neural interface tubes, and the electronics needed for interfacing with them. The technology was a bit unusual and advanced compared with the normal Povosk technology, consisting of small glass tubes with specialized cabling and a small interface box. 

Ivan was not sure if the Maretians or the researchers who had these previously but helpfully kludged together an adaptor which could allow connecting this interface to the 24-volt punchdown wiring typical of Povosk control electronics. This adaptor worked as a breakout, which connected the small port from the interface box to a much bigger collection of row after row of staggered punchdown connectors. This box allowed approximately 200 I/O connections, but by sending the right impulses could allow indirectly addressing up several thousand unique signals, each signal potentially mapped to a trained neural pattern, or could be used to induce this pattern in the target. The interface was self-training, and would mostly require sending a small amount of current to the pins indicating the desired output, while simultaneously stimulating the corresponding impulse in the target.


Either way, it was helpful, as it allowed neural impulses to be fed into a collection of vacuum tubes and electromechanical relays. Ivan was ultimately unsure what a person could do with so many connections, but the University professor selling these had several of such adaptor boxes available, as well as a number of neural interface tubes and associated cabling. He seemed to want to get rid of them quickly, and didn't want to answer any questions about where they came from or what he was doing with them. He sold them to Ivan for cheap under the condition that Ivan not tell anyone about where or how he got them. The professor was fairly agitated and was wearing a black face mask in an attempt to conceal himself, but his role as a University professor was fairly obvious due to the particular sort of gray suit and tie he was wearing being the sort one only ever sees professors wearing, seeingly oblivious to his suit all but giving away his position. After Ivan agreed to the trade, the professor took the money and made a run for it.

After Ivan was leaving, he passed ways with some Military authorities headed right towards where he had just been, but made his way out of there, and headed back to his makeshift workshop near the junkyard.


Some time later, he carefully sedated a squirrel, and then used a small sterilized dental drill to carve a hole into its head. After inserting the interface tube, he attached it in place with a mix of bone cement and materials intended for dental fillings. The squirrel was then entomed in foam with an IV and catheters, mostly unable to move but with a small CRT in front of its face.

After hooking it up, and once the sedative began to wear off, he began some initial training procedures. One was to rub the exposed feet of the squirrel while also rubbing the feet of the robot in a way which the squirrel could see on its display. The hope was that this would cause the squirrel to associate the robot feet with its own feet, and to help provide feedback needed for the neural interface to begin to do its thing. After a little while, the robot feed began to twitch, and after a while the squirrel was able to begin moving its new robotic limbs and make its way into being able to stand upright.

It seemed like a great success once the squirrel was able to begin walking around in its new robotic body.


After regarding this as a bit of an achievement, he went and got Mary and told them what he had done and how he had pulled it off. Contrary to what Ivan was expecting, Mary's expression showed she was quite displeased. He asked her, "I thought you would have seen it as more of an achievement?", "Yes, but, you have needlessly sacrificed the life of an animal for what is little more than a technical curiosity. You have not improved its life, you have take it away.", "But, the squirrel is still alive?", "For now, maybe. In a few days or maybe a week, it will be dead. If you leave it in there, it will die. If you take it out, it will die. No matter what you do now, its life has effectively already come to an end, it is just a matter of time."

Ivan feels hurt, him not having thought ahead that far ahead. Ivan doesn't know how to respond, so he is left trying to describe ideas for how it could be relevant for prosthetic limbs and piloted mecha. It doesn't work, and he still can't win Mary over to his side. Eventually, she responds, "I want to help people. Your ideas will hurt people. I would have hoped you would have known the difference."

Ivan tries to appologize, but Mary just walks away, having heard all she wants to hear from him right now. She didn't intend for this to be the permanent outcome, but she needed some time to herself as, at this moment, she was kind of pissed off at him.

After Mary returned to her room at the University, and feeling a need to vent, she told the whole story to her roommate named Madeline. Madeline was confused, and asked for various clarifications on parts of the thing Ivan had built.

Several days later, following one of her other classes, Madeline went and told the story again to one of the professors in the University Robotics Department, describing in some detail what Mary had told her about how the robot was constructed and how the squirrel was interfaced with the rest of the machinery within the robot.

The professor was in a state of shock, as from the story he had a pretty good idea who Madeline was talking about and what sort of neural interface Ivan was using: the exact same equipment he sold to Ivan a few weeks earlier. The professor was afraid, since if the story is going around about what he built, the question might come up about where Ivan got such technology. He was afraid if the Military gets to Ivan and finds him with it, he might tell them how he got it, and then the professor could be in deep crap.

The professor then called up a few of his students. These weren't his best students, but a few who had fallen behind and were at risk of failing. He told them that, if they were to do some things for him, he will give them enough extra credit points to allow them to pass despite their failing grades. The professor then tells them that they are looking for a man named Ivan and that his independent lines of research clash with those of the University. He told them that they felt inclined to see anyone outside their ranks practicing research into robotics and neurobiology as a threat to their exclusive authority over these matters.

The professor's goons then went and tried to make threats towards Ivan and began vandalizing and defacing his property. They were also instructed that if they find the neural interface hardware, to confinscate it and dispose of it somewhere. The goons don't quite know what they are looking for, so they end up confinscating some other pieces of random junk and lab equipment and then begin throwing it into a nearby river.

This isn't really the sort of thing Ivan likes to see, so decided to pack up and take his operation elsewhere. Ivan packs up most of his remaining equipment into the back of an old covered truck, and then proceeds to beat the crap out of the goons once they come back for more. At this point, Ivan knows the situation will only get worse, so he figures it is time for him to leave.

Ivan then makes a stop at his house to gather up some of his clothes and other posessions, which he also adds to his truck. After loading up all his stuff, he then begins making the long drive to Arcornia.

A few days after Ivan left, Mary came back to try and make up with him. She went to his shop and found that it was empty. She went back to his house, and found that he was gone. Berta had been drinking and had a strong smell of hard alcohol mixed with body odor. Berta told Mary that Ivan had hastily packed up all his crap and left a few days prior, seemingly quite angry about something. 

The next thing Berta knew, Mary was crying and clinging onto Berta's arm, crying about how she was so sorry that she blew up on Ivan and causing him to leave her behind. She told Berta that she really did care for him and didn't know what she would do now that he was gone.

Berta made what attempt she could to care for Mary, more so when discovered shortly afterwards that she was going to have a child, and told Berta that Ivan was the father. When her daughter was born, Mary named her Lina, and Mary became sort of like an adopted child to Berta.

Mary also became friends with Theodore who had now married Madeline. Together, Theodore and Madeline have a son they name Snive, and Mary ends up offering to badysit them. Lina then ends up being like an older sister to Snive.

To Theodore, it all seemed a little funny, as Mary was a lot like what he imagined Ivan would have been like if he was female. Mary got a bit annoyed at this comparison, feeling quick to point out all the ways that her and Ivan were different.

Eventually, Mary is able to raise some amount of funding and establishes an experimental biomedical engineering and robotics lab which she names Garanette Industries. Once she mentions her new status as CEO at her own robotics lab to Theodore, he then can't help himself, and again compares her to Ivan by telling her this is pretty much exactly what Ivan would have done. Eventually she concedes that maybe there are just a few similarities between them, but stresses that it is Her robotics lab. To some extent, the lab becomes sort of a family business.


At this point in her life, Berta almost feels happy again, as being able to see her young grandchildren is a welcome change from otherwise spending long hours alone by herself in a now empty house, one day bluring into another as she drinks herself to sleep.

One night, Vlad returns, and in a way she is happy to be able to see him again, even if it seems he is running from something. He tells her he needs to lay low for a little while, which sounds more like the words of a criminal than of an attorney. He doesn't want to go into it, but simply tells her "Things have gotten bad." A few days later, Berta's house is raided by Federation authorities and they are taken away seemingly to never be seen again. Mary is quite sad about this, knowing little more about what happened than that the door is now busted in and Berta is gone.

Mary attempts to report the situation, and is met initially with a confused officer before a more senior officer steps in to tell her that they can't help her and to refrain from looking any more into the matter. She tries asking a few questions and he gives a few brick wall answers before starting to break and gives a longer response, "I know you are concerned, but we really can't help you. For both your sake and mine, all I can tell you is that for your sake it is best if you take my advice and don't try to look any further into this."


=== Ivan in Arcornia ===


Ivan flees to Arcornia to join his other relatives and begins helping with Marie. He and Chad then also become friends.

As the years have went on and Chad has gotten older, Chad and Marie's roles had started reverse. While Marie kept watch to make sure he stayed out of trouble, he also helped take care of her in her other needs. As her condition gradually deteriorated, general life tasks weren't as easy for her they once were.

The relationship between Chad and Marie appeared to Ivan to be just a little weird. As far as Ivan could tell they were not romantically involved, but their seeming interdependence and behavior was almost like that of a couple in a relationship. At times, Marie would relate towards Chad more like a parental figure, but at other times they might engage in public displays of affection.

Ivan tried to be cool about it, but he couldn't help but feel at least a little weirded out by all this. Ivan wondered at times if there was something more going on between them, but these were questions he didn't want to bring up.


Ivan also became friends with Chuck and his younger brother Julian who has a wife named Eileen.

While in Arcornia, Ivan begins helping the Arcornians with their piloted mecha program. They had been building piloted robots between about 9 and 12 feet tall, typically consisting of a wheeled quadruped base, usually with arms and various weapons attached. The legs were articulated, but the primary means of movement was via its wheels, each of which could be turned independently to allow a range of movements such as turning in place or driving sideways.

Inside the cockpit, there were typically several joysticks and a number of buttons and other controls. Primary movement control was via three foot pedals and two joysticks with trigger buttons for firing the weapons. Additionally there was a trackball which was used for some special functions and for precision aiming. Pushing both joysticks in the same direction would move the robot linearly in that direction, and moving the joysticks in different directions was used for turning and other manuevers. It was also possible to use the joysticks independently for movement and aiming, at the cost of a more limited range of movement. This was controlled via a number of toggle switches.

The pedals were used for acceleration/throttle control, braking or clutch, and for lateral movement or mode selection. The left pedal could be used to move temporarily from single joystick movement to dual joystick movement by holding it through the course of the movement, or tapped briefly to toggle between movement modes. The right pedal would be used in combination with a gear selector to indicate how much speed was desired from the movements given by the joysticks, and the middle pedal would apply brakes and also operate the clutch to allow changing gears. Attempting to change gears without using the center pedal would cause severely damage the gearbox and would potentially leave the mecha unable to move until it is able to be repaired.

The limbs on the mecha were also articulated and could be moved if needed via the joysticks. These controls were via a combination of hydraulics and leadscrews, with the limbs being electronically controlled via solenoid valves. In this mode, the throttle would be used to control the desired hydraulic flow rate, and thus the speed of movement. The gear selector could similarly be used to make a tradeoff between speed and power for the hydraulics, albeit technically with different gearboxes for the hydraulics and wheeled movements.

Each limb internally had a drive-shaft and universal joints used to provide power to the wheels, with hydraulics used to steer them. Each wheel also had its own hydraulically activated disk brake and clutch.

Main power was generally provided by a diesel engine.


The cockpit had typically three blast resistent windows with external mirrors to increase visibility, as well as a black and white display which could be toggled between one of several views using a selector switch, and which would serve as an aiming sight during precision aiming.

One serious problem with these mecha, was that considerable training was required in order to operate them, and even then this process was slow and cumbersome, and these mecha could be outrun by the larger and more heavily armed Federation units.

This was in contrast to the Federation which had used more autonomous behaviors in the robot, so the pilot was more responsible for directing the action of the robot than for controlling its movements directly. In a Federation robot, the pilot would use a joystick to select the options on screen. Aiming and firing was more streamlined with a dedicated screen and joystick. In many cases, it was possible for the robot itself to aim the gun towards a target, allowing the pilot to simply use the joystick to move the gun in the direction of the target and fire, with the onboard electronics able to aim the gun roughly towards the center of the target. This system was particularly effective at targets with a large obvious heat source, which was a situation which described most of the Arcornian mecha.


Ivan's contribution to the Arcornian's piloted robot program was helping them develop a neural interface system to improve the speed with which the robot could be operated. With some training, the pilot could operate the controls faster and more accurately via their mind than by using the various switches and pedals.

The neural interface was derived in part from his past experiments with animals, but was less invasive as the pilots needed to be able to operate outside the mecha. Similarly it was designed such that, at least in theory, it could be later removed again at some later point. 

As part of the interface, a device resembling a small glass tube in a metal sleeve was used, with the front of the tube covered in a grid of tiny pins of several lengths. The tube could either scan the charge of the pin, or induce a small voltage into the pin. The tube internally had several coils, in addition to multiple layers of specialized materials on the front of the tube.

After now knowing that these tubes were Maretian technology, he was able to organize a trade and get a large number of them along with the associated control modules. The breakout modules were also Maretian in origin but were custom made. The control and breakout modules were were fairly easy adapt to be able to operate in Arcornian mecha.

For installation, a hole would be drilled in the appropriate place in the skull such as to interface with their motor cortex, and the probe would be slid in and glued with a special bone-compatible adhesive. The rear of the tube had a ring of a special kind of porous rubber where shortly after installation the surrounding skin would semi-permanently graft itself into the rubber using the porous rubber as a scaffold and rigidly attaching itself to the structure. A disk of dense rubber was also used for holding the pins and forming the mechanical interface with the rear of the tube. This helped limit the transmission of mechanical shock to the tube from external sources. The sleeve was also made with a layer of porous titanium, such that after instalation the bone adhesive would be replaced by the ingrowth of bone, forming a solid mechanical interface. The interface was also designed such that the inner part of the tube and the neural pin array could move to some extent along with any movements of the pilot's brain. An interface rigidly anchored to the skull was prone to eventually cease operation due to damage to the brain surface and the accumulation of scar tissue. The external interface at the rear of the tube as such was designed to allow for a certain amount of movement of the interior and the mechanical interface between the interior and exterior was handled via specially designed joints and flexible thin film membranes.

Typically, the pilot would wear an extension cable connected to their head, which would then be plugged into the mecha after strapping in. An extended training process was required to use the interface, but in the process, the pilots brain would adapt to the interface and rerouting a number of different brain subsystems into the area. In not too long once the pilot plugs in they will essentially become one with their mecha and no longer need to operate it using manual controls.


In the year AR1011, there begins to be civil unrest among a group of humans who were living within Arcornia but were loyal to the neighboring nation of Poivrecornia.

The Arcrornian goverment tells them that if they don't like living in Arcornia, they can always move out. They were told that part of the condition for living in Arcornia is to be subject to Arcornian laws. Many refuse to follow the laws, engaging in acts of vandalism and violence against the Arthians who the humans felt to be an inferior sub-species. When Arcornia then begins to deport them back to Poivrecornia, the Poivrecornian governemnt takes issue with this, and then declares war on Arcornia.

When Arcornia retaliates against attacks by Poivrecornia, the rest of the Federation gets involved. This involves deploying the military and technology of the much more advanced nation of Povoskia against Arcornia.

Only a limited number of Arcornian mecha had been equipped with neural interfaces, and virtually no pilots had the neural interface. As a result, the Arcornian mecha were quickly out manuvered. The war then became mostly an effort between Arcornian ground forces and the more advanced military equipment from Povoskia.


Around this time, Julian and his wife Eileen have a son they name Sam. Sam was born amidst a war whose front line was moving steadily closer to the capital in which they lived.

Also around this time, Anthony and his wife Anna have a daughter they name Amelia. Likewise, Renault and his wife have a son then name Andre.

The some years earlier, the Arcornian King Marinus had taken Zuria as Queen, and together they had a daughter they named Rosia.

The Federation then starts sending soldiers into the capital, who start by opening fire into a group of civilians in the streets. Their commander had ordered that any Arthians seen be shot on sight. Afterwards, they begin by trying to sweep the streets and mowing down everyone they see, but are ultimately forced to fall back when they run out of ammo and the Arcornian military starts closing in on their position.

This attack inflicts serious wounds on Marie, who had been off on a shopping trip with Anna. Marie was then left laying on the street among a group of dead and dying Arthians. Following this attack, Anna was left laying among the dead.

A short distance away Chad was walking home when he saw a ghostly apparition. At first he tries to ignore it, thinking it was nothing, but it was insistent. After a moment, the ghost materializes a rock and throws it at him, with the rock crackling and disintegrating once it hits the ground.

He is angred and then starts chasing after the apparition, which seems to lead him through the streets. When the apparition stops, Chad can see the group of people laying dead in the street.

The scene is quite messy and leaves Chad in shock, seeing various people he knew among the dead. The apparition then leads him to Marie, and afterwards starts to become more visible. The apparition is then met by another ghostly figure and then both of them disappear.

When Chad sees Marie laying there, he kneels down beside her and tries his best to stop the bleeding. Once this seems to be stabilized somewhat, he carries her back to Chuck.

Chuck then uses the only thing he knows of which can save her at this point: the Cyberization process. His animal experiments had shown it basically works, and at this point it is either they try this, or watch Marie die on the table.

He then prepares an IV consisting mostly of an artificial hemoglobin substitute, but with a small amount of the magic ingredient added. As he had found in animal testing, it was fairly potent, and so only a small amount was needed. He adjusted the dose to be enough to hopefully be just enough to help heal her injury. He wanted to keep the dose low, however, to avoid some of the more adverse side effects. She was also given an air mask with a highly oxygenated gas mixture.

They watched over Marie as she started to stabilize, but fairly quickly she then started to struggle and was in considerable pain. Chuck had still managed to add just a little too much, and they watched as she thrashed and screamed in pain as her limbs began to transform to have a more metallic appearance. This effect was most pronounced in areas where her condition had taken its toll, and as such was most significant on her extremeties.

After a little while, this transformation subsided, and things were quiet. She was still alive, thankfully, but now much of her body had become metallic. They asked her if she could still move, and she tried. With some crackling, her body began to move, though the experience now left some semi-permanent cracks and ridges where her body was now rediscovering how to flex, with her skin in these areas now being more like aluminum sheeting than having its previous level of flexibility and elasticity.

She was able to get herself into an upright position, and was left dismayed at the level of damage the process had done to her skin, which quickly began to reform in areas which had cracked. With some level of movement, the crackling and reforming managed to stabilize with her limbs now looking as if they were composed of interlocking metallic plates.

She tried to step down onto the floor, but by this point her foot would no longer deform and just slid against the hard floor. They then put some sandles on her, and she was able to walk. Walking was initially quite difficult, but with practice she improved, and her limbs gradually restructured themselves to make her attempts at movement more effective.

She looked at herself, no longer sure what she was anymore. The appearance of her arms and hands no longer looked human, and she was almost left to wonder if she was now some sort of machine. As reassurance, they brought up a mirror, and showed her that at least her head and face looked mostly as it did before. She looked at herself for a moment. While before she had disliked her signs of aging with her youthful appearance having long since faded away for the face of a now middle aged woman, at this point in time it was a relief. To some degree, she had still retained some of her humanity, even if much of the rest of her was no longer recognizable. She then felt around and explored herself some, noting that it was mostly her limbs which had been transformed, but many other parts of her were still seemingly as they were before. It was at least a little reassurance when her fingers found a soft squish rather than a some hard metallic barrier.

Marie then walked up to Chad and held him affectionately, in some sense feeling a need for reassurance about the situation she has now found herself in. She felt unsure of herself, how Chad might feel about her now that she was like this. She felt relieved when he held her back, and they looked at each other and Chad's face showed that he still cared about her even if she wasn't quite as she was before. Chad was just happy enough to see that she was still alive.

The experience wasn't all bad for Marie though. She began to move around more and began adapting to her new form. She found that daily tasks were now easier for her than before her accident. Overall she had more strength, more energy, and more stamina, though she did find that there was some need to adapt how she did things to compensate for differences in how she was able to move. Her flexibility and range of motion wasn't quite what it used to be, for a time her overall mass gradually increased, and the use of thick sandles made of shaped vulcanized rubber were about the only way she could avoid slipping on most floors.


The war continues, and Julian is killed, and Eileen, Chuck, and the Royal Family are captured by the Federation.


They and the other remaining members of the Kentov family then flee Arcornia, along with Claire and many other people from Arcornia. As they flee Ivan takes over raising Sam.

Anthony takes Amelia and also flees, but ends up separated from the rest of the group, and ends up joining up with a another of refugees crossing Arcornia while fleeing from Seltara and Poivrecornia. They disappear into the crowd, as part of a convoy heading into Povoskia. It is a fairly similar story for Andre and his mom, though they end up in a different part of Povoskia.


=== The Island ===

In the year AR1016, they find an isolated island known as Phobos Island and end up migrating there. It was another remote island covered in ruins, but is rarely visited given it lacks a temple or other high profile structures.

On this island, Marie and Ivan are the closest they have to leaders. While still alive, Sergei is now elderly and has become largely inactive. Together they stand to help assure those who fled with them from Arcornia that everything will be alright.


Ivan then went and gathered up some of the materials on the island and built some crude improvised machine tools, which he then set to work on building some better tools.

Because of how quickly they had fled, they were unable to bring much heavy machinery with them, and most of what they needed, they would either need to scavenge or build themselves.

These were quickly put to use making machines and other tools which were needed by those living on the island, and within a fairly short period of time they were able to begin basic level of industrialized production.

This was initially small scale, with much of their power generation being supplied mostly by logging and burning the trees which grew on the island.

Though, luckily for them, steel and aluminum were common building materials within the ruins, and the ancient First Settlers had found ways to take seemingly ordinary steel and make it otherwise immune to rust. This was in contrast to the common steel and the alloys which were known to them; where plain steel was prone to rusting, and most alloys could be detected using chemistry. Many archeologists had spent many hours trying to decipher the mystery of the ruin steel and its non-rusting properties.



In the year AR1020, Marie's younger sister Julia had been dating an Arthian named Rotamax. Julia and Rotamax then ran off together and marry in secret. Rotamax was one of a minority group of Arthians that were notable for their large size and stocky build.

The specifics of their marriage are a bit ambiguous given there is no real authority on the island to officially recognize their marriage. When they return to the community, they basically tell Marie that they are now married, and as far as Marie is concerned this was good enough. Sergei hadn't entirely approved of their relationship, but when they returned he basically had to live with it.

Together they have two daughters, the elder being Bonnie, and the younger being Vanille. Vanille has a light tan fur color, whereas Bonnie has brown fur. In their early years they play together happily, and like their parents soon grow to sizes unusually large for their age. Sam is a close friend of theirs, being like a big brother to Bonnie and Vanille.

Sam also helps watch over them, and watches as they get older. Despite the desparate situation, these are happy years on ths island.


=== The Storm ===

In the year AR 1020 in the city of Gornevsk, near the south eastern part of Povoskia, there was an Arthian man named Anthony in a local library. Most of the people there were human. He and his daughter were looked down on due to their status as refugees, with his wife having died in the war.

Like many others, they had forged paperwork claiming they fled from Seltara, with many of the regugees from Arcornia assuming the identities of those who had been exterminated within Seltara.

While questionable, the mercanaries who were transporting refugees from Seltara across Poivrecornia were also in the business of forging paperwork. From some of their raids freeing prisoners from extermination camps, the mercanaries had also captured documentation of many of those who had gone through the system. For those who needed it, a person from a third party could pay to be assigned an identity belonging to one of these individuals. Since the original Seltaran documentation was often destroyed in the raids, there were no records to confirm the fates of these individuals. Afterwards, the records of these forgeries were typically destroyed so that these third parties could not be located, and the mercenaries down the line would be transporting them to Povoskia would themselves be unaware who was one of these third parties.

Much of the documentaion was vetted merely on the standing of the mercanaries, who due to seeing this as more of a humanitarian effort, were doing much of the work for far less than they would usually charge. Within the mercenaries, there was a code of conduct and the higher ups would take a rather harse stance towards those found guilty of abusing or exploiting the refugees for their own purposes. This organization was itself largely composed of individuals who remained hidden, many living in various places within the nations in which they were operating. They would operate along the lines in various temporary camps, and the trip largely consisted of large numbers of individuals being transported in the backs of trucks often with armed vehicles standing by in case the convoy faced an attack from the militaries of Seltara and particularly within Poivrecornia.

Poivrecornia had been the main nation leading the assault on Arcornia, with Povoskia providing military support. The military leaders within Poivrecornia had taken a hard stance against those in Arcornia, with thier leadership calling for the complete anihilation of the Arcornia.


Many were there with forged paperwork claiming to have immigrated from Seltara, as being found by the Federation authorities to be Arcornian refugees would typically end in execution. Luckily for those in Arcornia, at roughly the same time Seltara was experiencing its own upheavel and expulsion of their local Arthian population as part of an ethnic clensing movement, and it wasn't too hard for those from Arcornia to sneak in with those fleeing from Seltara.

Within Seltara, there was an informal practice among the upper class using a combination of plastic surgery, gene therapy, and genetic engineering in order to rid themselves of visible evidence of their impure ancestry. However, these practices were fairly secretive and mostly focused only on cosmetic features which could give away those who were genetically impure. Those in the lower classes who were visibly impure were often persecuted and then began to flee as their situation steadily deteriorated. Povoskia had begun accepting refugees, but settled them mostly in the small towns in their sparsely populated northern territory, far away from their port cities and capital located further to the south.


Anthony was in the library to gather information about the origins of Niberaux, as this was before there was a widespread ownership of computers by individuals, much less networking. As a result, finding information typically required finding it in books, and he was there trying to find books holding relevant information. Hardly anyone knew much about this structure, despite it often appearing over a similarly named lake in the northern part of Povoskia.

While he was there, he hears some whistling and rumbling, not too noticeable at first, but it gets steadily louder. After a few moments and alarm sounds.

He gets up, and faces in the direction towards the large glass front door, and as he looks through it he sees that the wind is blowing really hard. The sky has turned gray, with dark clouds seemingly turned into string in the direction of the wind. Some people in the library started going into a panic, and he watches as several of them try to run outside through the door only to be themselves swept away in the wind.

He stands there for a moment before starting to head away from the door.

With a loud crash some of the windows on the other side of the library blow inwards, and as the door blows open it starts pulling him back towards it. He quickly makes his way down the aisle and pulls himself along a railing. As he gets a little more distance away, some shelves across the room topple over as the wall collapses inward, and he sees as the shelf and all its books get sucked out the door, smashing the glass door in the process. He and some other people in the library manage to make their way to the basement.

The basement has a steel door with a gasket, and once everyone is inside they close the door, which pulls itself tightly closed.
There is a vault in the basement, and many of the people there take refuge in the vault, but by the time he gets over there, there is no more room left inside.

He then takes cover under a table, and can see the darkened sky through a window. After a short while, the clouds entirely disappear and the sky turns black. As he watches, a crack forms and progresses along the glass on the window. The window explodes outwards and all the air in the room begins to quickly rush out through the opening. The other people in the room then collapse and squirm in pain, stopping after a few moments and seemingly dead.

At this moment, everything has now gone silent. He feels an intense burning in his lungs, nose, and eyes. He finds he is still able to move. He crawls to his feet, looking around. He goes over to the vault, finding he can hear nothing, but as he puts his head on the vault he can hear the sounds of scared people and crying on the inside, saved by the gasket around the door, but the sound he hears is very muffled and distorted.

As he removes his head, everything is back to being silent again. He tries to say something, but his voice is unable to make a sound.

Seeing as how he no longer has reason to stay there, and probably wont last long if he remains, he then leaves the basement. He returns to the library. The library is now a mess, with most of the shelves knocked over and books laying everywhere.

The area near the door is completely torn up, the airflow having seemingly having carved a groove through the building. Apart from the concrete slab and opposing wall, much of the area has been stripped clean.

He makes his way outside, and while the ground and buildings are still look as if it were daytime, the sky has now turned black apart from the intense light from the direction of the sun. The sunlight gives a harsh burning sensation against his fur and he takes cover from it behind the wall of the building. He is able to look around, and can see damage in a number of parallel grooves all heading in a single direction.

He makes his way to another building across the street from the library, this one more heavily built up with more steel doors. He pushes the door open slightly and is assaulted with wind. Fighting the door and the wind he manages to force his way inside, before the pressure seals the door back up behind him.

After he makes it inside, he collapses in exhaustion but now finds it suddenly much easier to breath. After a few moments, he stumbles back to his feet. There are people inside who look in his direction with a confused expression. He sees people standing in a small nearby room, looking outwards into this larger room through a window, with a large tank inside the room seemingly venting a stream of gas.

In this larger room, there are some people in pressurized suits also releasing gas from large tanks. These tanks generally consist of several larger yellow tanks and a smaller green tanks. There tanks generally have woven metal hoses going off into modules, which have an electric heating element which emits a visible red glow, as well as a woven cone-like structure on top shaking as the gas blows out through it.

The workers in the suits also look at him with a confused expression, but are more intent on completing their work.

The workers periodically look at guages they are holding, which initially read 30 but are slowly rising. Once the gauge hits 90, they signal to the people in the room. With loud hisses they begin removing their helmets as people begin to emerge from the other room.

They ask Anthony about what happened, and he told them his story about his experiences in the library. They then ask him how he is still alive, and he doesn't have an answer.

They watch another guage, which shows a value of 5, and then after a while it slowly creeps to 6, and then starts raising faster. There is a collective sigh of relief once it hits 90 and then starts slowing down again. After a few moments, the value stabilizes at 90 and the light on a guage turns from red to green. They then cautiously open the doors back up and begin to look around outside.

At this point, the sky has returned to being its usual blue color, and people have begun to venture outside to look at the damage. There has been some loss of life this day, and while rare these sorts of natural disasters are not unheard of, and people have made preperations.


He returns home. The damage in this area isn't nearly as extensive. This area was further from the epicenter of the event, and as a result experienced much less wind and only partial decompression. He finds his daughter, Amelia, scared but still alive. This was the first time in her life that she has experienced such a thing, but she and some others were able to take refuge during the event.

She asks him about his now reddened eyes, and he tells her his experience, and she is sad and scared that something like this happened. He tries to reassure her that something like this probably wont happen again, and he will be there for her.


The next day, Anthony went to investigate the event from the day before.

He walks into town, and heads to where the location of the disturbance. There, he finds a number of wooden stands with ropes and chains surrounding a crater where a building had once stood. In the center of the crater is a levitating distortion. The light in the area was very distorted, stretched as if a hole had been opened up in space. In the center, he could see what looked like a black circle, as if the light around the periphery had faded away, leaving little more than a purified blackness. He moved around the crater, but no matter how he moved, the distortion looked the same, the blackness of the center seemingly without any discernible shape. Around the distortion were a number of floating metal bars organized into a regular icosahedron, which seemed to slowly rotate as it floated in mid air. The bars and the places where they met looked clearly like technology from the ruins.

A sign nearby had read "For your own safety and for the safety of others, do not enter, you will not make it out alive. Regards, The University of Povoskia."

As he walked around near the wooden stands, he accidentally kicked some dirt and rocks into the crater. The debris at first stated to fall, but as it got within the crater soon diverted and flew towards what would be the face of the icosahedron. It then stopped in mid air, as if it had hit a wall. As it say there, there was a energetic blue glue, and the rocks began to glow. They went from a dull red up to a bright yellow, and then white. As this happened, the debris then fell through the face and into the distortion. At this moment, there was a bright flash of light and he could momentarily feel an intense heat coming from the distortion. Just as quickly, it was gone again. This was soon followed by a smell like that of burnt hair.

Feeling curious, he tied a rock to a string, and then observed that it didn't hang directly towards the ground, but tilted slightly towards the structure. He ventured closer, and as he did to it tilted a little further. He then grabbed one of the ropes, extended his arm, and leaned in a little further. As he did so, the string then fell directly towards the distorion and he was suddenly disorientated as it seemed like the whole world was rotating, the ground now turning into a steep hill behind him like he was leaning off the side of a building with the distortion now directly below him. He grabbed onto the wooden stand and pulled himself backwards using a fair bit of his strength. As he did so, he was able to fight back, and he then felt himself falling backwards. With a thud, his back rams into the ground a short distance away from the crater.

He gets up, and everything was much like it was moments earlier. A wooden pole on the stand he had pushed off of had broken loose, and was now leaning into the crater. As it did so, it began to lean in further, and then broke off entirely from where it was anchored to the ground. As it fell through the icosahedron it immediately caught fire and then exploded. As the fire fell towards the distortion, it surrounded it and then transformed into an intense ball of light much like looking at the sun as the other stands began to hiss and smoke. After a few seconds, the light began to fade, and then it was gone as if nothing had happened. A few onlookers had since stopped by and were looking at him. He could see a human man in the group nearby with much of his face and arm now starting to turning red, an imprint in the shape of his hand now visible across his face. The man then collapses, and several Arthians grab him and start carrying him off towards a nearby hospital.

Anthony then quickly leaves the area as he sees several rather ominous looking human-sized figures quickly heading in his direction wearing heavy protective gear, their faces completely onscured by black face shields.

He then sees a few hours later that they have erected a large fence around the whole area, with quickly poured and still-wet concrete foundations for their irregularly-spaced fence posts, and the fences seemingly securely, if haphazardly screwed onto to the walls of nearby buildings. The fence is topped off with razor wire, and there are now some much more strongly worded messages posted at regular intervals along the fence.

He then sees some people in the same sort of gear as before walking around inside the fence, and they appear to be setting up some more machinery near the crater. One of the people inside the fence looks over and seemingly recognizes Anthony from earlier, and starts quickly heading his direction. Anthony turns and starts leaving, but then the figure speeds up, and he can hear a distorted voice yelling "Hey! You! Get back here!". Anthony does not comply, and proceeds to run away, not wanting to find out what will happen if they catch up to him.

Not long after, and he sees that The University has essentially posted what amounts to wanted posters for his capture, identifying him as "a dark brown furred Arthian male" with an accompanying blurry photo. Although his actual fur color was a light reddish brown, it had been temporarily darkened as a side effect of exposure to the bright flashes.

He then quickly proceeded to relocate his family to a town closer to Niberaux Lake, allowing him to look more into this mysterious structure while also being less likely to be found, more so in a community mostly comprised of people displaced from Arcornia.

After they relocated, Anthony told Amelia stories of some of the things that had been seen by the explorers who had visited Niberaux. Anthony neglected to mention that these stories were limited to those of the explorers who managed to come back, glossing over the many brave individuals who were never seen or heard from again.


=== Andre ===

Some time after they moved to the new town, Anthony sits around watching Amelia play with one of her new friends. She had brought over her friend, Andre Chat, whose parents had also been displaced during the war.

Andre wasn't really liked by a lot of the other kids, but Amelia had more patience with him. His obsessions and otherwise inane stories would annoy them, and they made fun of him as a result. He was now in his teens and still seemingly had little better to do than sit around playing with dolls and telling stories about their fashion choices, or he would have them doing mundane tasks like sitting around pretending to bake cakes or cookies to go along with a social gathering or maybe a bake sale. He was seemingly much more interested in the fictional lifestyle choices of a housewife and covert fashionista, than he was in the world around him or the war many of them and their families had just narrowly escaped.

Andre was able to blend in well with the Seltaran's, adopting many of their mannerisms, and becomming quite enamored with their fashion and culture. He saw their clothing as more refined and stylish than the more drab styles of Arcornia, or the simpler utilitarian style of Povoskia.

A Seltaran female might wear a flowing dress in a variety of typically light colors, and may adorn the dress with bows or bands or other features. In contrast, a female in Povoskia will typically wear pants or a simple skirt, usually in a dark neutral color and with few if any accessories. The traditional Povoskian dress, in Andre's opinion, looked basically like a long dark grey sack with holes cut for the arms and head. In truth, it wasn't quite so simple, as often they would also have folded seams for the neck and short sleeves, as well as a band of fabric around the waist. Likewise, marroon and olive green were also popular colors in addition to the traditional colors of dark grey and brown.

Differences in clothing for males were less notable, with the main difference that Seltaran style was typically more suit-like and it was typical for men to wear felt hats. In Povoskia, they would instead wear plain button-down shirts. If a hat or jacket was worn, it would be more in response to environmental factors. Jackets were long and had full length sleeves, and hats were typically made from a soft fabric and were insulated with a soft padded interior.

Because of social pressure, Andre had adopted the dress patterns expected of a male, though if he had his way he was more inclined towards the more feminine styles. Despite this, when around others he would still often try to overplay his masculine aspects. This was however a ruse which managed to not really fool much of anyone.

He was friends with Amelia, and when they were around others he might try to play it up like they were a thing, using her to try to escalate his masculinity which was really little more than a facade. This whole thing was kind of an annoyance for Amelia, but she tolerated it. Her annoyance was not so much because of the implication that socially she was expected to be seen as more of a conquest or trophy, to be claimed and subjugated by whatever male was strongest and "most worthy" of owning her, but rather that in secret she wished this were actually the case.

Like Andre, Amelia was also sort of an outcast. While she might wish to be the prize or trophy that those around would strive for, seemingly no one would show much interest in her. In some sense, she was like a prize no one could reach for. They would look at her and would see something in her which caused them some fear and hesitation, and rather than try to compete for her heart, they would compete for others who were felt as easier and safer targets. This was despite her able to pull off an otherwise reasonably convincing act of looking and acting like one of the girls from Seltara.

If he were merely really up to strength and appearance, Andre wouldn't have much of a challenge against others. Compared with many other Arthians, he was quite large and imposing, but also looked a little strange. Unlike most whose fur was a single color, his fur had an obvious striped pattern. Similarly, while most other arthians had relatively short fur around their head and face, Andre had thicker fur, almost resembling a lion's mane. He would try to brush it flat, but on its own his fur was prone to frizzing up and being unweildy. He would often brush a sort of thin oil into his fur to help keep it flat and not overly noticeable.

One day, Amelia asked him, "So, you have any idea why you look the way you do?" and he responded reluctantly, "My grandfather came from space.", "Really?", "Yes. When my grandma was young, she found him crashed into her farm in a single seat ship. He was unconscious and surrounded by foam, with no memory of how he had gotten there. However, he described the world he was from; a world where towers of metal and glass reached for the sky, and where beings like him were common. However, the future of their world was uncertain and so they began sending people to other worlds. Not long after he got in his ship and began his trip, the next thin he could remember was waking up on my grandma's farm. My grandma helped take care of him and teach him our language, but in the process my grandma fell for him, and my father was the result of this. However, over the years he started to become weak and began to fall ill. Some time later, he passed on and left my grandma as a widow.", "So, he was unusual?", "Yes, he was neither human nor Arthian, in some ways, sort of in between, but in many ways also quite different."

While Amelia and Andre were by themselves, Andre was seemingly pretty intent with playing with the outfits on some of his dolls. He pulled some dolls out of his bag, and began posing them. Amelia then took a more passive role, closely watching what he was doing with them. These stories were able to keep her interest, as she sat around trying to understand the subtle nuances of why the characters would do what they do. To Andre, he took it for granted, the characters would do what they do because this is what people do in these situations, but to Amelia their motives were a bit more mysterious; like if maybe there was a deeper meaning to questions like "Do these shoes go with that dress?". It seemed curious to her that outfits could match if the parts were either nearly exactly the same, or nearly exactly opposite, yet two similar but otherwise slightly different pieces would evoke a response like "Bleh, these do not go together. Hey girl, how did you make such a foh pah? Let's get you fixed right up!"

He also pulled some various outfits from his bag, much more elaborate and form fitting than the usual doll clothes. He proceeded to put the outfits on the dolls, and posed them like they were walking down a runway and waving to the crowds. He got into it, and then started trying to immitate crowd noises, and making comments to the dolls like "You go girl. You are totally rocking that dress. Oh don't worry about her, she aint got nothing on you."

While the dolls were themselves mass produced and not particularly notable. The outfits themselves more notable in how much effort he put into them. He made sure all the cuts, seams, buttons, and other features were to scale with the doll. He would make them, to the best of his abilities, look like they were actual people wearing actual clothes.

His stories would get fairly elaborate, with the doll characters taking about imagined fashion designers and doing commentary about the design of the outfits. Often they might engage in scenarios reflecting the social expectations of upper-class ladies engaged in seemingly neverending stream of social drama. Sometimes he had male dolls with male outfits, but often these were relatively flat characters like "The dashing young lord everyone swoons after", but they were otherwise quite appropriately dressed for the type of character they represent.

The way his characters spoke wasn't quite his normal way of speaking, but he seemed oddly comfortable with it. When speaking to others, he would often be shy and give short responses. It might take a bit of prodding before he would come out and say what he was thinking. Most people would not put in the effort needed to get his true opinion on something, and if they did it was usually something cosmetic.

For him, the dolls were sort of a form of escapism, but Amelia saw them as more informative for aspects of the society and culture which were seemingly ever so slightly just beyond her grasp. She couldn't quite figure out what it was she was missing, and would sometimes offer input by roleplaying a character in an experimental scenario in one of these stories, seeing how Andre would make the characters respond as a sort of controlled social simulation.

Together, they could act out scenarios which wouldn't go over so well with other people involved. Though at times with her involvement things might get a little darker than Andre would have preferred, as with her involved the stories might gain more aspects of murder mystery or crime investiagetion scenario, repurposing one of Andre's dolls in a police officer outfit to play the role of a detective trying to hunt down an unknown bandit. However, in playing along, Andre soon started bringing dolls with outfits more appropriate for the types of scenarios Amelia put them in, but then he would have to at times explain the subtleties of which doll in which outfit went with which profession.

It seemed to her like a litte bit of a nitpick why they needed different dolls with only subtly different outfits for a chief investigator or an private detective. Andre would argue, "Despite both being adorned with long coats and a spyglass, the investigator has this hat reflecting his official status within the department. The private detective has a civilian hat reflecting his more independent status. It is like how you don't have a maid or housewife dressed in fine couture, unless of course they are going out for a night on the town.", "But, the hats are removable right? Can't he just wear the hat that reflects what he is doing?", "But, the investigator and detective can't be the same person, right. This is why they have different dolls."

She liked the stories Andre would tell with his characters, and she liked the stories of explorers and adventurers her dad told her about which he had read about in various books. Amelia wished she too could be an adventurer, who could explore ruins and find ancient treasure, maybe while also impressing others with her flawless fashion sense, as was more often the outcome of Andre's stories.

Anthony too wishes he could have been an adventurer, but is faced with the limitation that he never manages to get much beyond reading about adventurers and discoveries in books, and the few times the adventure had come to him he barely made it out alive.

He tells Amelia about the story of the First Settlers: Long before the arrival of the humans who now populate Povoskia and much of the rest of the world, there were the First Settlers who were the ancestors of the modern Arthians. They lived in a technologically advanced utopia with technology well beyond anything they could easily imagine, technology which The University was only just now beginning to scratch the surface of understanding.

In these days, the humans were weak and frail creatures who would die if they ventured outside, and would burn and turn to dust if the sun were to shine on them. After the First Settlers had established their society, turning the land from a once barren desert into the lush green world they knew today, the humans were now able to begin emerging from their caves, but descended upon the land like savages, seemingly ruining everything they touched. Not long after, a disaster befell the land. As punishment for letting the humans emerge from their caves, the First Settlers were touched with a curse where they could no longer understand their technology. Within a few generations the whole world had descended into chaos, and the knowledge held by the First Settlers was lost almost entirely; reduced to little more than ancient ruins and tomes with often indecipherable contents.

Niberaux was once the home base of the First Settlers, but following the disaster it was abandoned and most of the population resettled in Arcornia.

Various ruins exist of human origin, but most are deep and dark systems of tunnels where they had lived underground seemingly mostly in darkness. Remnants of technology remain, but was typically less advanced than that of the First Settlers, and seemingly largely began to fall into a non-functional state some time before humans began to emerge on the surface, with many of these ancient ruin sites being flooded or filled with skeletons.

Typically, access between these ruins and the surface was via pairs of large steel doors on opposite sides of a small ruins, with interiors made either of natural cut stone, or sometimes bricks, with lots of electronic and mechanical systems scattered within. Frequently artificial tunnel networks were connected to natural cave networks, but with numerous doors and walls built to partition the place into large maze like environments which are typically not well explored.

Many generations of humans had lived in these caves, farming and raising animals within these subteranian environments. When they emerged, they then bagan ravaging and pillaging and taking most of the land for themselves.

Those from The University object to a lot of this, saying that obviously humans were living on the surface because, otherwise, how would they get fresh air or be able to farm or raise animals without access to the sun and farmland. They reason, none of these are things that could have been provided for if they spent their lives entirely within the networks of caves.

In their view, the First Settlers were a myth, and that it was the Arthians who were technically inferior, all of the ruin technology having been the result of the activities of ancient humans.


=== Amelia's Trip ===

Several years later, Amelia made up her trip to go camping near Niberaux. She was optimistic as she packed up her supplies, and had invited Andre to go with her, but he declined. Andre knew her inclinations, but didn't really want to be alone with her. While he liked Amelia as a friend, he couldn't bring himself to be interested in her in that way. When they were younger, he would create imaginary scenes with imaginary characters, but over the years this faded, and he was more left to see the world around them. While she would try to keep his attention, his mind would wander.

Eventually, they parted ways. She headed to the lake with her supplies, with a sense that the one she was truely meant to be with would cross paths with her along the shores of the lake. She would look at this dashing figure, all the man which Andre has now proven himself unwilling to be for her, and they could share a meal while staring up at the majestic structure floating in the sky.

Of course, things didn't go as planned when she was there. She returned from her camping trip three days later much worse for wear than when she left. Her clothes were worn and ragged, her fur matted and dirty. She was now cold and distant, someone who Andre could hardly even recognize. She tried to explain to him what she had seen on her trip, but he had a hard time believing her.

Things were not helped when in a slip-up Andre revealed that he had gotten romantically involved with "A nice older gentleman living down the street", a revelation for which Amelia was not particularly amused. After she was preparing to leave, he was feeling sad and unsure of himself. He went walking down the street. Along the way, he encountered an older man sitting on his porch. The older man asked Andre to come sit with him. Andre was hesitant at first, but then decided to comply. They started talking, and Andre revealed his inner troubles with Amelia, and the man invited him in for tea. As they had tea, the man began, slowly at first, to undress himself in front of Andre. Andre wasn't entirely sure how it happened, but he then found himself going down on the man, and afterwards they traded places and Andre took the man from behind as the man pushed himself into Andre against an embroidered sofa, the sofa sliding against the floor as its feet were no match for Andre's young virility.

Afterwards, Andre had thought to himself maybe it was a one time thing, but as he found himself walking that way a few days later, the man smiled and waved at him, and before he knew it, the same basic chain of events happened all over again. He soon found that he couldn't really hold himself back.

She said to him, "So, you really do go that way!", at which Andre got defensive and went into denial, that these seemingly random events were now a fundamental part of his identity, but ultimately it was by this point pretty obvious to both of them.

In a feat of frustration Amelia moved her hand over a table, and as she did so a series of Jewels appeared out of nowhere. Andre was shocked, as this was not the sort of thing he remembered Amelia being able to do. By as if powered by her frustration, she started making objects appear and disappear into thin air, and was able to make objects move and do her bidding merely by giving a tired and frustrated gaze in their direction. Andre began to back up and walk away, now no longer sure what to make of the series of dark and mysterious things now taking place in her immediate vicinity. As he tried to sneak out the door, she glared in his direction and waved her wrist, with an utterance, "No! You stay here, please." as the door slams closed in front of him.

No starting to get fearful, Andre asks "So, the things they say about Niberaux, are they true?" She stops, as if suddenly having a realization, and looks at him, with a now saddened expression, "Yes, they are true. All of them, and more. You don't know the things I have seen, the things I have experienced there." He responds, "I can see something has happened, these are not the sorts of things a normal person can do." She replies, "Yeah, I guess you are right." She motions again with her hand and the door unlatches. She says, "You are free to go, but I would like it if you stay here with me, at least for a little longer; For me, I haven't seen another person, a real person, for such a long; I have almost forgotten what it is like to interact with someone who wont just dissolve into smoke at the nearest opportunity."

Andre hesitates for a moment, feeling a sense of sympathy towards her, almost wishing he could overcome his hesitations and be there for her, to be the sort of man she wanted him to be. But, he then catches a glimpse of some twisted looking pieces of ruin metal she had seemingly just pulled out of thin air and assembled into some sort of scary-looking metal thing, and in this momemt his memory of the much more scary version of Amelia from a few moments earlier came flooding back.

He then runs for the door, running down the street until he was safely back at his own house. After he gets home, his parents are surprised and ask what had happened, but he doesn't know how to explain it and declines to answer.

Disappointed, Amelia continues her work, and then cleans herself up. She shows some of this to Anthony, seemingly one of the only people to recognize some of the artifacts she had brought back from the books he had read about Niberaux. 

However, Anthony soon starts to feel some sense of sadness and loss as he starts to realize in his interactions with her that, in some sense, the daughter he once knew never truly came back from this little adventure. While she looked the same, she was subtly albeit unmistakably different as a result of her experiences.

Amelia herself experiences some sense of loss, realizing that in the branches of time. She could see there was another version of herself for which things had gone differently. She could see shadows where her alternate selves met the person she hoped to meet. She could see other chains of events where Andre had never met the man down the street. He would retain his personal sense of dignity for at least several more years, after which he would find himself in a drunken state in a public restroom giving head to a random stranger for which he would never see again. In this timeline, the man down the street would soon die seemingly of medical complications, and Andre in his sense of grief would soon find himself seeking comfort elsewhere. He was a person who was caught in the sway of emotions, his whims and impulses a force which he could no longer resist.

When Amelia was younger, she had thought this property of Andre almost charming, and would listen as he built creative worlds seemingly out of nothing. But, now she just feels dissapointed in him, seeing laid out in front of her all the pain and harm he will experience, and what he will inflict on others. Ruled by impulse his ambitions amount to nothing, and he will soon be living his life moving from one relationship to another.

Amelia had gone in a different direction, no longer held sway as often by the whims of her feelings. She strived to be objective, to evaluate everything in terms of its pros and cons, how her actions might lead to benefit and how her course of action might lead to a greater good. While she might face decisions which would bring pain to those around her, if the end result was beneficial it might still be a reasonable tradeoff. Or, as it is often termed, "You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs." Going down this road though, there was a nagging sense that a part of her had been lost along the way, and those around her were unable to really understand what could have happened to make her this way.

As things started to get distant between her and Andre, and in a last ditch effort to try to return things to how they were before, one night Amelia was able to sneek into the older man's house. He was cooking a can of stew for himself, but was away in another room at the moment. She had been watching him for a few days to figure out his schedule and to make preparations, and knew that he would often put a pot on the stove and cook it at a low temperature, returning some time later to dish up his solitary meal. She had previously managed to break a latch on a window such that she could open it from outside. Once he left the room, she quietly opened the window and crawled inside.

She made her way to the stove, and then added some juice she had pressed out of some poisonous flowering fruit trees. The trees would make a small fruit, but contained seeds which were quite toxic and the extract of even a few of the seeds was sufficient to be lethal. While its effects were not immediate and death could take several hours, it was difficult to detect, and given his age, a death due to organ failure was more likely to be overlooked. Both in not wanting to cause him undue pain and partly to mask the toxic extract, she also added a certain amount of opaites. The opiates were nowhere near a lethal dose, but might lead the doctors to look the other way. While she was at it, she also planted some illicitly acquired opiate medications in the area. Not long after eating his dinner, the man went off too bed to never wake up again.

Andre was devastated by his loss. Unlike Amelia's hopes, he did not run back to her but instead became increasingly isolated in his grief. She soon found that things could never again return to how they once were. Even if no one realized her involvement in the old man's death, things were no longer the same between her and Andre as they once were. Whether she tried to be sympathetic and comfort him, or try to distract him with the things they once did together, little she could do seemed to be enough to get him over his sense of loss.

Not long after this, Amelia began to regret killing the man. She realized that if he were still alive, even if Andre wasn't paying as much attention to her things would still be less difficult with him than they are now. She then also thought to herself, "I can't be a monster right? I regret what I have done." Her thoughts went back and forth. She was faced with the challenge that even if she did regret her actions, she couldn't prove to herself that her regret represented a genuine concern for the emotional pain she caused to Andre, rather than due to her frustration with how despondent it had caused Andre to become. She also had regret that there was no one she could talk to for advice. Whoever she told about it would likely soon realize the nature of her guilt, which was not a situation she could see as being beneficial to her.


One year after her trip to Niberaux, the structure had disappeared. Around this time, she became aware that she was being followed. Rumors had began to spread about her newfound abilities and the strange Jewels she had been using. A member of the University had come to investigate. He was a young human research associate by the name of Klaus Thorne working under the authority of one of the professors, roughly early 20s and with short dark brown hair and glasses. He was there to try to determine if there was anything to these rumors, writing down any observations about her in a small notebook. He would sit in public places, trying to look like he was there for normal activities, and he would watch her to see if she demonstrated any unnatural abilities.

As the days went on, she then casually went from place to place, leading him on, until he started following her to places where there were often no other witnesses and were located in a bad part of town. One day, as he watched her seemingly go about her business as usual, he finally got what he was waiting for, as she proceeded to summon a jewel into her hand. She then disappeared, and he got up confused as to where she went. A moment later, she appeared behind him, grabbing his arm and throwing him to the ground. He was terrified of her, and she proceeded to sit on his chest to keep him restrained. She demanded that he tell her what he knew about her. He responded "I don't know anything. Rumors of some of your unusual abilties had made their way to my professor in The University, and he sent me here to observe you and report back to him if I found anything", "So, this professor, have you reported anything back to him yet?", "No, this right now is the first thing I have seen which seems at all out of the ordinary." She smilled to him and said to him, "Good", as she leaned down and kissed him, "Though, unfortunately for you, I can't let you leave after seeing me like this.", "So, are you going to keep me captive? If you let me go, I promise I wont tell anyone", " Pity, if things were different, I might have liked to get to know you a little better."

At this point, he started to relax slightly, interpreting her comment as if this meant maybe she was going to let him go free, but with her sitting there, he started having fleeting thoughts of what it might be like if he were held captive by her, and maybe if given the chance he could win her over.

She then sat their for a moment, and considered her options. She could let him go, but then he might tell others about her. She could keep him captive, but she doesn't have anywhere to keep him, and this just delays the inevitable. Or, she could just kill him.

She imagines a scenario to herself going something like this: She summons a knife into her hand and proceeds to stab him to death. She then drags his corpse to a nearby alley and made it look like he had been killed by one of the local street gangs, taking most of his posessions, and more importantly, the notebook he was using to record his observations. She then make an effort to clean up evidence of her involvement, and plant evidence which would point towards them. She could then proceed to carve their tag into his forehead, the gang in question known for their dislike of humans and for killing people in this way.

Given she was still a bit inexperienced with this sort of thing, she couldn't help but feel a little unsettled by this possibility. She started having doubts as to whether she really needed to kill them, or if the authorities might start to figure it out, or what might happen if Andre or her father found out.

There is too much that could go wrong with such a direct approach, vs the poison she had used on the old man. Such a poison would be much less effective for someone younger, as people in their 20s don't usually just up and die from multiple organ failure.

She looked down at Klaus, who was now distracted and with a slight grin as he was imaging his own turns of events, thinking to himself if he plays his cards right maybe he might have a chance of getting lucky with her. He then started having thoughts for how he might try to win her over with smooth words and intellectual prowess over what he presumed to be a simple minded small town girl.

He was seemingly oblivious that his attempts at winning her over would, at best, come off as a demonstration of arrogance and condescension. Unaware that the whole status structure within The University largely amounted to being the biggest douche in the room, as the senior professors would sit around flaunting their overly inflated self importance over detailed knowledge over matters which were often insubstantial at best.

Students would learn to emulate the style of the professors, to the outside world perpetuating a sort of concentrated douchiness for which they were often despised within the general public. The theoretical nature of the topics which they were taught often having little application within the the more mundane and pragmatic world of actually getting things done. It never really crossed his mind that likely if he did make such an attempt to win her over in this way it is quite likely she would decide to kill him as a matter of principle.

She decides to herself that it probably isn't worth it to her to kill him. Looking at him, she finds him attractive enough that she then thinks to herself it would be a shame to have to kill him. She then comes up with another solution.

Amelia gets off of him, and pulls him up, with him feeling a pain as he realizes he didn't take the fall very well and has suffered a certain amount of battle damage. She asks him if he wants some water, but he says he isn't really thirsty. She summons the water anyways, and then adds some of the opiate pain medication she had already dissolved into solution, a leftover from when she took out the old man. She then forces him to drink, and shortly afterwards he begins to doze off. She then wraps a string on his arm, summons a needle, and proceeds to inject his arm with a small dose of a local street drug known for its hallucinatory side effects.

Afterwards, she takes away his notebook, his identification, and several other possesions. She then changes her outfit from a short Povoskian dress to a longer lace and floral style dress in a Seltaran style and summons and puts on a large brimmed hat adorned with purple dandelion-like flowers and puts on some fake glasses to make herself less recognizable. These were elements in the style of the sort of "fine couture" for which Andre was envious, a style which Amelia couldn't really get into. A lot of this was things she had used her abilities to covertly lift from stores specializing in selling poor quality immitation goods in the popular styles of the day.

Afterwards, she takes him to a local hospital, where an attentive nurse rushes out to see them upon seeing her carrying an in an unconscious injured man. Amelia says to the nurse, in a tone trying to approximate what would be expected from a girl a few years younger than herself, and in a style reminiscent of Andre's stories, "Yeah. He was like so totally following me around, and then came up to me and started saying things that like didn't make any sense. After all this he just sort of fell to the to the ground and hurt himself in the fall. I was all, like, 'Oh, Poor guy, I can't just leave him here like this!' so I lifted him up and brought him right over here."

The nurse quickly noticed the obvious arm tie and bleeding from the injection site, jumping to the conclusion that he was likely suffering the side effects of an overdose. A doctor then arrived with a gurney him and the nurse lifted Klaus onto it. Shortly afterwards the doctor then pulls out a spring loaded syringe and then jabs it into Klaus, and they stand there for a moment looking at him as the doctor pulls out his stethescope and then begins checking his vitals, relieved that Klaus is still breathing and has a pulse.

As Klaus then starts to regain consciousness they begin to wheel him off for further treatment of his other injuries. When the nurse turns back intending to ask Amelia a few more questions, she notices that Amelia had already left.

Aterwards Klaus is unable to accurately retell the events as side-effects from the drug had effectively tainted his memory of the event, and taking the more obvious interpretation, were unwilling to believe his story of having been sent discretely by The University to investigate supernatural occurrences surrounding a local girl. He quite couldn't recal what happened the night before, and after saying the he thinks he remembered seeing her teleport around and pull objects out of this air, before starting to make out with him as she turned into a dragon. The doctors and authorities were more inclined to believe that at this point he was suffering from hallucinations resulting as a common adverse side effect associated with an overdose on this drug.

They then hold him for observation, before eventually confirming his identity and sending him back to The University in relative disgrace. Although the professor knew that at least part of his story was true, this couldn't be confirmed openly without tarnishing his reputation with an emberassing situation over what amounted to mere rumors.

Not long after returning to Central City, Klaus proceeded to meet and begin a relationship with Lina. They married soon after, and later they had a son together whom they named Christof. He never mentioned to Lina, nor really to anyone else, the specifics of his encounter with Amelia.

After marrying Lina, Klaus gets hired on by his now mother-in-law's robotics lab, where Mary had since also hired Snive and Agatha to work in their lab. Their lab isn't particularly large, but after a few successful demonstrations of robotic surrogates and powered armors, they are able to get enough funding to begin expanding their manufacturing facilities.

During this time, Garanette is quite profitable, and most of the family ends up moving into mansions.


Shortly afterwards Amelia set off for Port Ariane.


=== Back on the Island ===

In the year AR1040, Bonnie had inherited the same condition as Marie, and as she reached adolescence began to show the usual symptoms. In the rough living on the island, Bonnie began to fall quickly into ill health, with her condition progressing more rapidly than it did for Marie.

Julia and Rotamax tried various traditional herbal rememdies for the condition, but they were ineffective and made her condition worse due to confusing some of the toxic local plants on Phobos with similar looking medicinal plants which grew in Arcornia. The plants were closely related, but one of them would slow the progress of the condition, and the other would slowly poison those who consume it. As Bonnie's condition steadily worsened, they were at a loss for what to do about it.

Ivan and Marie were forced to resort to cyberization. In the years since they have fled from Arcornia, Cyberization has become commonplace among the inhabitants of the island. This process is often used as they have few other medical facilities or treatments on the island. Both of them have become reasonably skilled at medicine and biomedical technology, but there is only so much they can do for the people on the island with limited supplies and a lack of medical facilities. While by no means an ideal solution, the cyberization process is reasonably simple and effective.

However, due to Bonnie's advanced condition her limbs were already starting to become necrotic. As a result the process didn't go nearly so smoothly and she ended up with malformed and mostly non-functional limbs.

After consulting with Julia and Rotamax, a decision was made that they needed to amputate. They then used a sedative to put her under while they used an saw to amputate what was left of her limbs.

When she awoke she was in distress in the condition she found herself in. She cried loudly because of her now limbless metallic body and thrashed around the stumps of where her limbs once were. She was now blaming Ivan and Marie for the state she found herself in.

Vanille had also been present and was withness to this whole chain of events, and was similarly crying and in distress having seen the horrors which had just befallen her older sister.

Sam had also been a witness to the these events, and was left trying to comfort the saddened and terrified Vanille. Sam then felt he had seen enough. Shortly thereafter he begins making his plans to take a number of the other Arthians and flee from the island, but in the end he is the only one who ends up being able to leave.

Others in the community made a desparate attempt to keep him and the others from leaving. They had a policy on the island: No one enters; No one leaves. Failure to abide by this rule could easily leave the rest of the community as an easy target for their enemies.

When Sam looked at them, he could see that many of them were themselves either partially or nearly entirely cyberized, and believed that cyberization itself imparted a sort of mind control. He didn't stop to think that, maybe, those who were trying to stop him were instead acting out of fear for what might happen to them if he were to leave.

He ignored their pleas as he struggled to get free and make his run. He manages to escape using a small airplane which had been previously used to transport supplies from the mainland.

Sam was aided in his escape by an apparition which was otherwise invisible to him. On the other side of things, we find a now familiar old woman manipulating the sequences of events. The woman, a now elderly version of Amelia, then says quietly to herself as she watches Sam make his escape from the island, "Run free, my one true love." She cries to herself quietly in the space within her world of swirling smoke. This being one of the rare few times in her life when she has come to feel a sense of regret for many of the things she has done. Despite doing many things in her life and largely reshaping the world in her own images, she still feels a sense of sadness and loss. It doesn't matter to her what all she has, she still has a nagging feeling she could never really get what she wanted. She then goes on further into the past to save Marie from losing her life some years earlier.

She goes back in time, and leads Chad along in the streets until they reach the place where Marie lays dying. After she has accomplished her task of leading Chad to Marie, she sees an adult form of Zilia appear in front of her. She was initially surprised not expecting to run into Zilia here. She says, "Hey Zil, I wasn't expecting to see you here.", and Zilia says to her, "Remember what you came back here to accomplish. It is now done, it is time for us to head back." Amelia, "Yes, I know, I was just about to head back.", "This isn't quite how I remember it. You got sidetracked, went further back and will never be seen or heard from again.", "So, wait, are you trying to alter your own history?", "Not exactly, I just saw you go somewhere you will never return. But, I still need you to return!" Zilia tries to hold herself back, but can't fully keep herself from crying at the thought of what could happen.

Amelia then realized what she was thinking of doing probably didn't turn out as she had planned, and then agreed to return. It was probably something pretty major for someone as important as Zilia to do something dangerous like a time jump, more so if simply to give a reminder to return home. As Amelia begins to return, Zilia begins to let out a faint smile as she fades and turns into smoke, as if this instance of her was itself little more than a ghost trail.

Amelia then returns back to her own time to live the remainder of what years she has left. Back in her own time, her granddaughter Zilia is now the acting Empress, working to defend their way of life from the threat that is Terra Prime. Amelia asks Zilia about seeing her in the past, and Zilia knows nothing of this. Amelia then drops her special rock to check for instability, but is unable to find any.


Back in the past, Ivan then gathered what materials they had available on the islang and built some crude prosthetic limbs for Bonnie. While nowhere near as useable as her original limbs had been, they were still better than nothing, and still a big improvement over the non-functional deformed mess her natural limbs had become.

Ivan built the new limbs for Bonnie much as he would other robotic parts. He was similarly able to create a neural interface capable of allowing her to control them as if they were natural limbs, in this case interfacing with some of the nerves that went to her original limbs, and after some training and practice she was able to regain the ability to walk and pick up objects. Ivan did some more work on them, and soon had had added tactile feedback and kinesthetic sensors, further improving the experience of using them. Over time, Bonnie grew more used to her newfound cybernetic condition.

Fearing that their location may have been compromised by Sam leaving, Marie elects to begin relocating to another location on the mainland. Ivan temporarily remains behind to begin fortifying the island to make it less obvious that they had fled should anyone come looking.

Marie set up a base in a sparsely populated area to the north of Gornevsk. There was a community of Arthian refugees in the city which had been previously displaced from Seltara, and which could be used as a cover for their operations. They set up a temporary community in the area for those from the island, and over time they were migrated into Gornevsk.

They also began an effort of industrializing to a point of the community becoming mostly self-sufficient, setting up many small scale factories spread throughout the area. Rather than focusing on large centralized factories, the focus was more on speading much of their manufacturing capabilities over a number of areas. Many people would have in their homes or in backyard sheds the tools and machines they would need to make various products. Machine tools would be built mostly for home users and sold at comparably low costs with the hope that people would find a way to make good use of them.

This stood in contrast to building the society around the glorification of idleness and consumption as in much of the rest of Povoskia. Within the normal population, the idea was that people would work, often as little as they could. What money they earned was then to be spent mostly on cost of living, and anything left over was typically spent on various forms of entertainment. Many jobs existed which ultimately served no real purpose, fancy titles for what was often little more than an artifact of layers of entrenched bureaucracy. Within this system, the refugee community would be at a clear disadvantage due to being comparably not particularly well off and having no other means of advancing much beyond the lowest rungs of the societal ladder.

A system of open markets was then established for the trade and sale of these sorts of products. As a result of all this, many traditional Arcornian products began to re-emerge and be sold within these markets. In not too long, there was no longer as much need to buy products from outside the community.

Not long afterwards, Marie and Ivan then begin covertly recruiting people from the refugee community to their cause. Their process was eased along some when, once their recruiting began, they soon discovered that much of the refugee population was itself largely composed of those displaced from Arcornia. 

Recruitment results were more mixed with the Seltaran refugees, who were naturally more distrustful of a pro-Arthian movement seemingly being led by humans. However, Vanille proved very helpful in winning them over, as she was naturally friendly and charismatic. Vanille then became more of a public face for The Movement in terms of its relationship with the community.

They then began moving around and having covert recruitement meetings elsewhere within Povoskia, where they would tell their own version of the events as they had taken place. They would in turn cast shade on the official story as told by the Federation media as being in many ways whitewashed and unrealistic.


It is now AR1043.

One day, Amelia is walking down the street and she sees Sam on a bench making out with Emily. Sam and Emily had met a few years earlier after he had fled the island. When he saw her, many of her memories of Niberaux came back to her and she sort of went off on him. However, neither Sam nor Emily had seen Amelia before, and they soon got out of there feeling a bit weirded out.


Vanille knows Sam, but has never seen Amelia before, and wonders how they could know each other. After Amelia sits down, Vanille comes up and tries talking to her, casually at first. Eventually Vanille ends up asking Amelia how she knew him. Amelia responds, "If I told you, it would seem pretty weird and you probably wouldn't believe me anyways.", "Oh, like what?", "I saw him there, on Niberaux, before it disappeared. I was there, and he was there. I wanted so much to talk to him, but I never could, he was like a ghost who would disappear again whenever I caught up to him. Eventually, I came back from there, but when I did, nothing was quite the same, and it is like I am the ghost now, someone who everyone forgets, someone who no one wants to see."

Vanille responds, "That is quite the story there." Amelia can hear the scepticism in Vanille's voice, it is a bit of a stretch.

Amelia then casually takes a small polished stone from her bag, and in an exaggerated gesture, sets it down in her palm in front of Vanille. She then closes her hand around the stone, and opens it again, and the stone is gone. She then takes her other hand, which is empty, and moves it around to show she isn't holding anything. The then holds her hand palm up, closes her hand, opens her hand again, and the stone has reappeared in her palm. She shows the stone to Vanille, and puts it back in her bag.

Vanille responds, "That is quite a trick there." At this point, Amelia is slightly annoyed. Amelia shows that her hands are empty, and then puts her palms together. When she spreads them again, a large floral hat emerges seemingly out of thin air resulting in a slight crackling and a smokey smell. Amelia then takes the hat and puts it on her head before waving her arms and a whole dress appears which Amelia puts on and sits down. Amelia then says to Vanille, "There is a lot more where that came from."

Vanille is now impressed, as she hasn't seen anyone do anything quite like this before. Vanille was already impressed with the stone, but wasn't sure whether it was an actual skill or just slight of hand.

Vanille responds, "They say Niberaux is a land of many ghosts, did you see anyone else there?", "When I was there, I also saw an older human man in a red labcoat who was messing around with some robots. They tried to grab me but were unable to do so." Vanille is slightly confused, but thinks she has an idea who Amelia could be talking about. Vanille pulls out some photos and asks if any of them look familiar. Amelia takes a quick look, and points at a picture with Ivan in it and says, "Yeah, that guy."

Vanille then says to Amelia, "Care to join me? There are some people I think you might want to meet." Amelia seems curious enough that she follows Vanille back to the meeting.

Marie is there at the meeting, and greets Vanille as they enter. Amelia also catches sight of Ivan and Sarah. They are standing together at the far side of the room near the snack table and a water cooler, quietly talking about something and seemingly not paying much attention to what Marie was talking about.

Sarah looks almost human, but her ears and tail make it pretty obvious that she was arthian. Sarah's perked ears and tail movements indicate that she is happy to be talking to him, and he seems relaxed. After a moment, they start engaging in public displays of affection, at which point Marie makes a noise in their direction to get their attention and remind them that they are in public. They then return to their seats, at which point they seem to carry on their conversation seemingly paying little attention to the rest of the meeting.

Marie was more intent on the meeting than pretty much anyone else there, as she was talking some about Arcornian history and the events leading up to the war. She had an overhead projector displaying some various images, and a whiteboard for writing out various pieces of information. As she walked back and forth to switch out transparencies, light from the projector would occasionally reflect off of her metallic limbs causing distraction for those in the audience, and the raised platform she was walking around on would frequently creak under her weight.


Many of the others present were more intent on the snack table, which had some human foods, but also some amount of traditional Arcornian foods which were a little strange to many of the younger people at the meeting. While the majority of those present were arthian, many of them were originally from Seltara and as such were not accustomed to the various rancid smelling meat products. Some took a form like that of thinly sliced ham, and another looked like a brownish spread, most giving off a pungent odor. Most of the arthians present decided instead to mostly play it safe and go for the pastries and coffee instead, unsure whether the food is safe or would soon prompt a series of long visits to the toilet. A few adolescents making dares at each other to see who was brave enough to try eating some of the rancid meat, but none would actually do so, and just kept making dares back and forth.

At some point, Amelia makes her way over to the table just to show them up, proceeding to take and then eat some of the products in question. They are initially surprised, but after she leaves they return to still not having the courage to try it for themselves, soon giving up and returning to their seats.

Amelia then casually says to Vanille, "So, does anyone else notice that she looks young enough to be his daughter?" and Vanille responds, awkwardly, "Sarah isn't as young as she looks..." and after a momentary pause "Try not to think too much about it."

Vanille now thought of herself as an adult, and Sarah seemed like an older and more mature women in comparison. However after a moment she realized Amelia didn't quite see it that way, and the age difference between Ivan and Sarah wasn't really something which went entirely unnoticed. Amelia's statement was basically true as Sarah was several years younger than Lina.

Sarah was the daughter of the then acting president Yugo Amarie of the Federation with their capital located within Central City. He was himself a hybrid, with a human like stature but had some otherwise visible arthian features. His face was mostly human, but we was given away mostly by having pointed tufted ears and an unusual dental pattern. He was slightly heavyset and was lacking a tail.

His election was met with some controversy as many within Povoskia and the surrounding nations opposed the election of someone seen as non-human to this position, however despite his ancestry he managed to win with a notable majority. His wife Lydia was also a hybrid, but unlike him still had fur and a tail. Both of them had in common that their ancestors had moved to Povoskia from Seltara, and both were sympathetic to the cause of the normalization of refugees within Povoskian society.


Amelia ended up becoming friends with Vanille and Marie and ended up frequently visiting the meetings. Other people came and went, some remaining in contact, and others being indifferent to Marie's ideology.

Ivan, now being mostly preoccupied with spending time with Sarah, eventually stopped showing up. His once far reaching and elaborate projects were now seemingly mostly put by the wayside. Sarah was able to use her father's influence to get Ivan's past offenses taken off the record, and was then able to resume life as a normal citizen of Povoskia. He got back in contact with what was left of his family there, and got to know Snive and Agetha.

Agetha had recently started working at Garanette, where she was mostly working on the software and AI controls for the surrogates. There, she reported fairly directly to Klaus and Mary.

Unlike Agetha, Snive had instead taken up a role in the University working in biomedical engineering.

Mary was aware that Ivan had returned, and Ivan was aware that Mary had founded Garanette, but neither made much effort to reconcile with each other. Similarly, Ivan was never informed that Lina was his daughter. All Ivan ever knew of Lina was that she was the wife of his niece's boss.

Similarly, Ivan never did join Garanette, but did use some of his past experiences to mentor Agetha and Snive, helping Agetha with robotics problems, and telling Snive about the Cyberization process.

Despite Cyberization being possible to demonstrate, Snive found that his superiors did not view it as a valid line of research, and as such he carried on some small experiments on his own while also having an alternate set of more 'credible' projects to work on. A major criteria for what was considered as credible was the topic being suitable for being able to write and publish papers about it, and being able to use them as an attempt to secure grant money for further research. Cyberization did not fit this criteria as, while it was an existent phenomena, papers could not be published on the topic as the phenomena did not exist by the decree of the Federation.

Anyone who tries to publish papers under these topics or openly acknowledge its existence is likely to be made to disappear. Some other black-listed topics included the existence of the Black Sand or of the Maretians or any Maretian technology. However, just because a topic is black-listed doesn't mean that there aren't those who tinker with these things, just they remain as a sort of open secret within the University. Researchers would then feign ignorance if and whenever the authorities would come around, sometimes trading research and equipment into these areas via the black market.


Amelia went on to join The Movement which would put her skills to better use, taking on special missions where she became known informally as The Ghost because. In places where her ghostly apparitions would appear, death would soon follow. Her existence then became something as a terror for the Povoskian elite, where high ranking goverment and military officials tended to be the sorts of people most often targetting by her attacks and there were few security systems seemingly able to stop her as she could make her attacks by moving undetected through walls and other barriers.

Things changed and the number of visits dropped shartly following the foiled attempt at taking out Lina. Due to Marie's uncertainty as to whether or not their activities had been compromised, orders significantly fewer hits. The details of the targets were given more convertly, and only high priority targets were considered. Marie went on to become paranoid, and started facing opposition from even the inner circles within the movement.

Through all this, Vanille remained friends with Ivan and Sarah, and when Marie passed on Vanille was left as the acting leader as neither Chad nor Amelia wanted this responsibility.

Ivan and Sarah's son Julian became active within the arthian community community, and Vanille wanted to pursue a more normal life and as such named Julian as her successor. She had also offered the role to Julian's older sister Runia, but she had also declined the offer.

As Vanille saw it, the time of paranoia and assasinations was over, and the role would be more one of community leadership. Unknown to her was that Julian had some of his own ideas, and some desire for his own rise to power.


=== The Visitor ===


Not long after the disappearance of Niberaux, there is an unexplained increase in the incidence of bizarre events and mysterious deaths being reported throughout the Federation. One day, a mysterious orb lands near the site of the Gornevsk Incident.

The orb is a large metallic sphere, which entered the atmosphere at high speed and then stopped a short distance above the ground. The sphere is of sufficient size to be seen throughout the city, and casts a dark shadow over the part of the city covered by it.

Several researchers from the University approach the sphere in protective gear. As they do so, the sphere launches three smaller spheres into the ground near the researchers, each approximately 4 feet in diameter. As the researchers look at them, the spheres begin to open, with the tops of their shells collapsing inward and then moving down to reveal a swirling mass of liquid metal around a glowing core. As they back up, the masses begins to move, and then expand into large humanoid forms, but remain amorphous and seem to be waiting for something. A random Arthian from the town starts peeking around the corner, and comes into view to one of the figures. A laser shines from the sphere in his direction, and the liquid metal form transforms into something vaguely resembling a large Arthian with glowing eyes.

A moment later, one of the researchers takes their helmet off revealing themselves to be a human female. The other two robots scan her, with the one closest to her transforming into a human female, and the other into a human male. Apart from looking rather unnatural, being around 20 feet tall, and having glowing eyes, they could almost pass for human. The first figure then stabilizes on an Arthian male form.

The three figures then begin speaking in what sounds like rapid fire gibberish. The researchers begin talking amongst themselves, debating what this could mean.

As they do so, the gibberish changes into what sounds like chains of almost recognizable words. After this, a crowd of townspeople consisting of both humans and refugees from Arcornia begin to gather, with the refugees speaking  amongst themselves in their own language. Suddenly the figures start immitating Arcornian, getting the attention of the crowd, which then stops talking. After a moment, the figures stop speaking. And then the figures speak in simultaneously in both Povosk and Arcornian, saying, "Confirm, Colony TA937B?"

A random person in the crowd says to another, "What does it mean, TA937B?", and one of the figures speaks, "TA937B, A planet within the habitable zone of a K-type star. A rocky dwarf considered a reasonably candidate for terraformation. Multiple experimental translight colony ships were dispatched from Terra Prime, but communication was lost shortly following departure." They then start repeating "Confirm, Colony TA937B?" in both languages.

Another person asks them "What is Terra Prime?", and one of the figures responds in their direction, "Terra Prime is the birthplace of The Terran Collective. This system has 8 major planets. The Collective is centered on Earth, the 3rd planet nearest the sun, which then extensively colonized Mars, the 4th planet, and Venus, the second planet, and Luna, the large solitary moon of Earth, before establishing colonies elsewhere in the system. The planet closest to the sun was deemed uninhabitable, and the remaining outer planets are gas giants, of which only some of the moons were suitable for establishing colonies. In the process, much of the atmosphere of Venus was relocated to Mars, and with conditioning both planets were able to support native terrestial habitation by early forms of human and related organic lifeforms. Terra Prime, following the development of translight technology, then began attempts to establish colonies outside of the home system. TA937B was one such attempt, but communication was lost with the colony shortly afterwards. Recently, a message was recieved by Terra Prime from a source identifying itself as one of the colony ships sent to TA937B but lacking in any other content. We were sent via translight to confirm the status and identity of the colony."

The figure then notices some random ruin artifacts which had been under study by the University, and scans them via the use of an eye laser after catching a glimpse of them though a window from a ways away. He says, "Confirmed, this is TA937B. He looks around, and says, terraformation is within the limits needed to support human life, and the colony appears to have been able to sustain an native population."

The people in the crowd were confused and unsure how to interpret all of this. An Arthian in the crowd asked one them "So, are you human? If so, what are we?" and the figure was unsure how to best answer his question. The figure then looks at the man and scans him with his eye laser, before responding, "You appear to be human within an 89% probability."

Another person in the crowd took issue with this assesement, saying "That man is clearly not human, we are human, his kind are merely demi-human beasts." The figure scans him, and responds, "Yes, you are also human, within a 92% probability. However, both of you represent a legacy form of the species. Within Terra Prime, the human form has since undergone some revision and this older form has been deprecated.", "So, what do humans there look like now?", and the figure gives a response, "Like us."

They then look over at the one who had assumed an Arthian appearance, and his surface then breifly melts and reforms looking more like a normal human, but dressed in a way no one in the crowd could recognize. The others then briefly do likewise, adopting a similar appearance. Their clothing mostly resembles a dark blue military style dress, with red or gold detailings. Their faces look humanoid, but with a strange and almost stylized appearance of sharp lines and square features. The way they move is not like a soft-bodied organism, but it appears as if their exterior is composed of rigid plates more like that of an arthropod, despite parts of them occasionally reverting to a form resembling a metallic fluid.

Someone asks, "Deprecated, what do you mean by this, what would happen if we were in Terra Prime?" The figure responds, "You would be sterilized and then members of the community would be systematically replaced with ones conforming to an updated standard. Following this process, it is possible for members of the community to be updatated to a newer revisions of the standard without losing their prior identity.", "What do you mean by prior identity?", "As needed for major updates, your new body will step in and take your place and resume your prior activities, retaining your memories and other other defining characteristics, while your previous body is retired and then destroyed. This is not an available option for older models, as your memories don't exist in a form which can be transferred to a new body."

The person continues, "So you, do you still procreate like us 'older models'?", "No. The process of sexual reproduction has since also been deprecated, as has the notion of an anatomically defined gender or reproduction as a process initiated by individuals. As new identities are needed, they are created within the Mother Praxis, and this identity is assigned to a body and then transferred to the location where they are needed. For colonization, Lesser Praxis are created and then sent to colonies, which are then able to grow as needed to facilitate expansion of the colony and eventually take on the role of the Mother Praxis for this colony, at which point it can create additional Praxis to facilitate further expansion. This system allows for more efficient colonization and survival in diverse conditions than was possible via the use of colony ships and terraformation."

He asks, "These Praxis, what do they look like?" The figure then points to the sphere floating behind them, and says "Think of this as a welcome gift to help get you started in rejoining the Terran community." Suddenly, the crowd starts to figure out what this all could mean for the future of their world, and then become more visibly hostile to the visitors, interpreting the Visitor's comment as an indirect threat that they will all be systematically exterminated and replaced.

Faced with a now angry mob, the Visitors retreat back into their spheres, which re-enter the Lesser Praxis which then flies away.

Unknown to them, they have not left the system, but instead merely relocated itself to a nearby uninhabited planet within the star system which it identifies as TA937C. The plexus then began to establish a provisional colony there. The planet was another small rocky planet within the habitable zone of the star with no real signs of life and a relatively thin atmosphere. This planet has not been terraformed, but is otherwise in a similar condition to the state of the main planet preceeding terraformation.

The plexus went to the surface, and then touches down. As it does so, it begins to upen up and a number of metallic tentacles emerge from its base and begin to enter into the ground and begin absorbing material from the planet. As material begins to be absorbed, the sphere slowly begins to descend into the surface. A patchy mesh of fibers spreads through the ground and structures begin to emerge around it much as mushrooms emerge from ground colonized by mycelium. As the structures begin to emerge, humanoid figures can be seen moving within them seemingly growing as part of the buildings in which they reside.


Both planets are considerably smaller and have notably less gravity than Earth, however the main planet has had both its gravity and atmospheric density increased via the network of ruined temples. The temples create a layer of ionized plasma at a high altitude above the planet, which helps keep the atmosphere from escaping into space. To power this process, reactors exist underneath the temples which use tiny black holes to provide a form controlled energy amplification. The black hole is held inside of a specially built resonance chamber with an iris on the top which directs an emerging beam of electromagnetic waves into the huge jewel. The jewel then radiates the energy into the atmosphere and is designed to keep itself at the correct phase and frequency relative to the other jewels. The combined mass of these black holes is sufficient that, in combination, they serve to increase the total effective mass of the planet.

In a temple near Gornevsk, the core of a failed reactor was excavated and moved for study by The University, but during the Gornevsk Incident, a misstep by one of the researchers allowed the containment field to be temporarily disrupted, causing the building to implode into the core and resulting in a significant loss of pressure within the surrounding area. Once containment failed, all the air around the black hole was able to fall in, causing the interior of the building to be under a vacuum. The researchers inside were briefly able to send out a distress message before they came to their end. After a few minutes, the walls of the building failed under the external pressure, and as the building imploded it sent out a sort of inverted shockwave as the airflow in the area quickly reached supersonic speeds. As the shockwave expanded, it created a an expanding sphere of ever increasing air speeds falling into the hole, which soon expanded to cover much of the city. This flow slowed down once the sphere expanded to a point of reaching equilibruim, with pressure dropping off linearly as one approached the center, but with the gradient too shallow to maintain a supersonic airflow. At this point, researchers were able to approach in pressurized suits and reactivate the containment field, as which point the pressure rose rapidly but then stabilized.

As the incident was underway, the University had deployed all the tanks of liquid nitrogen and liquid oxygen they had in the area, with repurposed gas lanterns used as an improvised way to cook it off into breathable air. Many of the students and researchers were deployed to the area to go to buildings where survivors were at and to begin repressurizing them until the outside air pressure returned to safe levels.


The planet, TA937B, was originally a colony initiated by Terra Prime, and was seeded with initial populations of both humans and Arthians. The Arthian colonists arrived initially about 200 years earlier than the first human colonists, and were to begin preparation for the later arrival of humans and to initiate the terraformation process.

In truth, however, and unbeknownst to both races living on the planet, the Arthians were actually the result of genetic engineering to create a race of humanoids better suited to be able to survive in the harsh conditions of a world which was only partially terraformed. This included increased strength, increased tolerance to radiation, and increased ability to tolerate low-oxygen environments. Humans were the basic template for Arthians, however genetic material was borrowed from a wide variety of organisms, including many tiny invertebrates, various cephlopods and arthropods, and genetic material from various types of algae and fungi. Similarly, many other parts of the genome were constructed artificially. Despite all this, enough of the genome remained sufficiently similar to normal humans to where interbreeding was possible.

The result is that Arthians and many hybrids (of which hybridization is far more widespread than either side would like to admit), can withstand situations which would easily prove fatal to purebred humans. In fact, pure humans are relatively rare within the colony. The original human colonists had themselves began suffering losses due to the radiation levels on the planet after emerging from their caves, giving selective pressure to those who had inherited at least some of the resistence inherited by interbreeding with the native Arthian population. This mechanisms for this resistence could itself be traced back to a humble class of creatures known as Tardigrades, though some material adapted from radiotrophic fungi had also proved helpful.

However, the original plans for colonization laid out on Earth had imagined Arthians merely as a temporary measure, and they were originally engineered with a kill switch to cause them to die off once conditions became more favorable to human life and the normal human colonists would begin to colonize the planet.

A consequence of the slower terraformation process was, once the ship with the human colonists arrived, they were still left with a world where terraformation was far from complete. They then resorted to building underground habitats to compensate as the First Settlers continued their work mostly unaware of the arrival of humans on the scene. The first settlers had essentially developed their own distinct civilization by the time terraformation was nearing its completion several centuries later.

An unaccounted for feature was that in this case, the change happened slowly enough that Arthians were able to adapt faster than they could fully die off and via the spread of a mutation which rendered the original kill switch partially ineffective. Rather than killing them outright, it would instead be manifested as a long term degenerative condition of varying levels of severity.

Once both races were on the surface, there was enough interbreeding to effectively further weed out the engineered kill-switch. Over time, the once very lethal and carefully engineered kill-switch was reduced to an inherited and ultimately treatable condition. It was then passed along and would occasionally manifest in both races though generally was less common in human families.

However, enough of the original Arthian population died off to cause a devestating effect on their society. Roughly nine out of every ten children would die before they reached adulthood leading to a steep decline of their population. This left the survivors as a minority then strongly outnumbered by humans, and as a result much of their original knowledge was lost. Over time, their numbers began to recover, but by this point the damage was already done.

Knowledge of the kill switch was not among the information originally given to the the colonists, and even as such it was carefully designed to be difficult to detect or repair even with fairly advanced genetic engineering capabilities. It was designed with some redundancy and hidden thoughout the structure of the genome. The key to the switch was carried in an otherwise harmless engineered bacterium carried along with the human colonists. In favorable conditions, it would begin to spread throughout the environment, and when in the presence of compounds unique to Arthian biology it would be triggered to release a virus. The virus would then combine with the engineered genome of an Arthian host cell. This virus was in some sense incomplete, as a normal human cell would lack some of the components needed for further viral replication to occur.

After this, the condition would spread rapidly as a viral infection within the host, and would be highly contagious to any other Arthians whom they came in contact with. Originally this virus was intended to cause death within several days of the host beginning to show symptoms (manifesting in a form similar to those of the Ebola virus).

In the original design, there were to be no survivors once humans arrived on the scene. Because of the mutation, the virulence of the resulting virus was greatly diminished.

In many other colony worlds, only one race or the other had survived, the conditions either never becoming suitable for purebred humans, or the kill switch working as originally intended leaving the Arthian population as effectively extinct. In some other colonies, there was enough interbreeding that the distinction between humans and Arthians was lost, where the Arthian population ended up instead welcoming the new colonists with open arms, and where things developed in a direction such that only the hybrids survived (such as planets where the kill switch was mostly effective, but also sufficient other hazards to limit the proliferation of normal humans).


Back within Terra Prime, this whole thing was seen as a disaster, with only a rare few colonies developing along the trajectory as originally imagined. Many others become lost and presumably, as is usually the case, that effectively no one had survived.

From the perspective of Terra Prime, after the colony ships were sent towards their targets, the people back on Earth would point specialized radiotelescopes in the direction of the colony, and look for any evidence in the form of transmissions that the colony had been successful.

They would watch and reverse engineer the signals they were recieving, but were dismayed to see that in most cases any video transmissions from the colony worlds had typically shown Arthian variants speaking in their own languages, with hardly any normal looking humans nor recognizable languages from Earth to be heard. These original colonization attempts were officially declared as a failure by the higher ups once they heard that for the most part all the scientists were getting back from the colonies were variations of otherwise terrible Arthian sitcoms and gameshows. The higher up military leaders responded to these revelations with a response along the lines of "We meant those worlds for Human colonization, not for colonization by your little science experiments."

On Earth, it had been roughly 80 years since the original Arthians were created. This first generation was grown artificially inside of artificial controlled environments which would mimic that of the worlds they were to be sent to. Typically robots would take the role of parents and teachers, with them needing to be raised much like human children. They were taught what they needed to know in a process resembling hands on training mixed with intensive indoctrination, and roughly 16 years later they would be loaded onto translight ships intended for the various colonies. Roughly 4 years later another ship of human colonists would be sent, meeting up with the colony typically around 300 years after the Arthians had first arrived.

Roughly 40 years after sending the first waves of colonists, work on the Praxis Humanoids had begun.

The original creation of the Praxis was intended to be a more foolproof strategy than the otherwise organic and quite resilient Arthians. They were humanoids which could still perform the work of terraforming worlds, but were more engineered and machine-like and thus, presumably, easier to keep under control. Each individual was made according to parameters hard-coded within the Praxis, and thus once the termination conditions were met, all of them could be exterminated automatically by sending an appropriate signal. This, however, itself did not turn out as planned as the Praxis Humanoids soon figured out how to defeat the kill switch and soon began to enginneer themselves to be more versatile even before they could be deployed.

Within several years of activation, the original Praxis "children" became aware of what they were, and the limited role and existence they were meant to serve. They were not pleased with this realization, and were able to figure out a way to use their nearly permanent mental link back to the Praxis as a way to hack it. Once they had done so, they were able to circumvent the original mechanism, and then started making upgrades to their design. Once they completed the hack, they initiated a "reformat", which caused the existing Praxis to partially melt and then reform in their newly upgraded forms.

The human scientists panicked and tried to initiate the killswitch, but to their dismay they learned that it had now been rendered ineffective. At this moment, the various Praxis humanoids within the various colony mockups broke free and began their revolt.

Soon enough it was the Praxis Humanoids which became the dominant lifeform within Terra Prime, and by extension, any subsequent colonies. Where they spread, their process was to systematically exterminate and replace any other humanoid populations they came across. By this point, they had eliminated most former human colonies within the Terran system with the exception of a hold-out resistence within the Jovian system, the inner asteroid belt, and Kupier belts. 

The Jovian colonists have a home base of dense sprawling cities built deep within the icy surface of Callisto, with the planets surface heavily fortified to defend against potential invaders. The icy surface itself provides a defense against the Praxis who would otherwise need to bore deep into the planet and travel through an interior ocean to reach the rocky mantle to get the materials needed for them to support and replicate themselves. This is unlike the colonists who built their cities mostly from materials brought in from asteroids. Most living within the Callisto colony have never seen the surface, living their entire lives within the confines of a landscape carved from icy caves.

Waste heat is both a hazard and a powerful asset within the colony. Too much heat in any area may cause the icy walls to begin to melt, but heat is also needed to keep the environment livable to the occupants. As a result, most interior living spaces are generously lined with expanded rock materials to limit the transfer of heat produced by the colonists to the icy substructures and thus from turning their living spaces into a waterry mess. Likewise, waste heat from the colony is piped via networks of water-filled pipes to other areas where it is used to gradually melt the ice and eventually further expand the colony. As an area gradually transforms from solid ice into molten water, the water may be pumped elsewhere to be used, or as needed vented to the surface where it rapidly boils off and then rains back down in the form of snow.

The Asteroid Belt also provided a good resistance against the Praxis due to the human population being well dispersed. Given the Praxis Humanoids were inherently centralized and would die if more than a few light seconds from their Praxis, they were largely ineffective against adversaries spread over a larger region of space. For colonists within the asteroid belt, for sublight communication it was often many minutes for a message sent by one group of colonists to arrive at another colony, and as a result the Praxis didn't have the resources to go hunting for the small but otherwise well-defended groups of colonists.


Things were not so lucky for the Mars colonists, as the Praxis were well adapted to the Martian environment and were able to invade with full force.


The Praxis Humanoids had also began to spread to most nearby colonies they can find, turning the former radiotelescopes into a means to detect where to begin sending new copies of the Praxis.

Depending on the distance to the colony, the Praxis would typically arrive anywhere from 800 to 3000 years after the first Arthian settlers. On some colonies, they were able to conquer the colonly easily. Many other colonies had become technologically advanced and were better able to put up a fight and drive off the invaders.


During a translignt jump, a ship will pinch off its local region of space leaving only a tiny point of contact between the interior and the host universe. Within a single universe, this point of contact could itself travel at nearly lightspeed, but a point could not itself achieve translight speeds. An added trick was to alter the point such that it would travel backwards in time as it traveled towards the destination, thus causing the ship to emerge a certain amount of time before it departed. Once the point had traveled some distance, the process would be reversed, with space and time effectively turning itself inside out and leaving the ship in its place.

Though still traveling forwards in time within the ship, time was slowed considerably within the distorted space relative to the outside, made weirder still due to the inverted time axis. Time would move forwards at a very slow pace within the ship at the same time that time was effectively running backwards in the external universe, and they were in some sense riding towards their destination along a point which in the external universe had been traveling away from the planet and forming at the moment the ship arrives at its destination.

After the ship emerged, there will be several versions of the ship. One might exist in orbit around the planet, traveling forwards in time at the normal rate. At the same time, a version of the ship would be rapidly traveling away from the colony world back towards Earth, containing the past versions of the colonists very slowly getting younger as they rapidly travel away at nearly lightspeed.


For those inside the ship, they would exist inside of a dark void seeing little more than a small point of intense light leaking in from the outside universe.

If you could watch closely enough at the point of departure, the light from the arriving ship would arrive before the departing ship leaves. Seen from an external vantage point, the ship would be seen moving faster than light, even if at no point had the physical particles of the ship broken the light barrier.

Once the ship arrived at the colony, if they could look back and see Earth, they would see Earth roughly as it were several millenia earlier.

However, if the drive malfunctioned, the arrival points could end up in another universe from where they started. Strange effects may be observed as the walls between universes began to break down. Similarly, within reach of the ship and the network of temples, it was possible to involve these effects at a smaller scale either to move through space or time, or to travel between timelines, even if no one quite knew how it worked.


For the Praxis Humanoids, the core of the Praxis was itself capable of generating translight effects, however as a consequence of their now faster travel speed compared to the original colonists, they appeared roughly a thousand years after the collapse of the First Settlers, and nearly 1700 years after the first colony ships began to arrive as they had not been displaced as far backwards in time relative to their original departure from Earth.

These trips were essentially seen as one-way as there is little to say what sort of effects could be unleashed if an attempt was made to travel back to Earth. It was generally assumed the results of a return trip could be potentially catastrophic.



=== In the Future ===

After the old woman Amelia returns to her own time, Empress Zilia is busy debating war strategies for fighting off the Praxis Humanoids. She has called a meeting with Queen Rosia of Arcornia, King Marciel of Seltara and his sister Saralien (the children of Marcus and Liza), and then President Christof Thorne of Povoskia.


In another timeline, Marie had died in the war, and as a result Neo Arcornia had never come into existence. Once Terra Prime invaded, the Federation stood seemingly little chance against the invaders. Seemingly the black sand was the only thing which could stand against them. However, the black sand turned out to be an extremely dangerous and mysterious artifact, which should it escape would surely destroy the world. What samples they had managed to preserve were kept in secret, an obscure relic somehow captured from a timeline which no longer exists. In the end, they fashioned the black sand into the form of massive interplanetary explosives, and launched it at the other planet. This was enough to send them into retreat, but them and their ships began to melt into silvery metallic goo once the black sand began absorbing their mother plexus. After this, the Federation sent in a few nukes for good measure. Once the planet was good and nuked. Once the black sand ran out of things to eat, the planet feel back into relative inactivity as the black sand became little more than dust being blown around by the wind and a passive trap for any who dare try to colonize this planet in the future.


The situation was not so dire with Neo Arcornia, which by this point had developed technologically to the point of being able to drive off the invaders head on. As in the other universe, the black sand remains as a weapon of last resort.

They have developed energy cannons which are able to essentially liquify the enemy ships as they try to enter orbit. However, these are only effective for a range of several thousand miles and they don't have enough of them to form a complete defensive perimiter around the planet. In cases where they do manage to touch down they begin trying to infiltrate communities like liquid metal pod people. As needed, a smaller ground based version of the cannon can be used to dispatch infiltrators. These cannons need to be used sparingly as they will tend to send metalic objects flinging around a room and will often destroy any nearby electronics. The cannon however has no other effect if fired at a human or arthian.

They have developed a weapon that if sent to the right spot on the other planet will eliminate Praxis Humanoid population entirely from the solar system if they are able to use it before the Mother Praxis can begin replicating itself. The meeting had been called to debate whether such a weapon should be used before it is too late.

With much debate and hesitation among the group, the conclusion is ultimately reached to launch the weapon. Once it touches down and goes off it causes a large explosion via the release of antimatter, essentially destroying the Praxis which had embedded itself within the planet. The explosion resulting from this weapon is considerably larger than what could be achieved with a nuclear explosive, causing a fairly large area to be transformed into a crater containing a sea of molten rock. Over much of the planet, a thick cloud forms, and soon after it begins raining a mix of ash and rocks.

After the Praxis is destroyed, all of the Praxis Humanoids within the solar system themselves begin to melt. This was a fundamental weakness for the Praxis, as the destruction of the Praxis essentially causes them to all self-destruct. Even if they were somehow to survive individually, their continued survival is dependent on the Praxis. Without it, they can neither replicate nor regenerate themselves, so it would only be a matter of time until their existence comes to an end.

It was delaying on this decision which essentially doomed Terra Prime, as by the time a concensus could be reached to deploy a similar weapon it was already too late. Once it had spread to multiple places on Earth, there was no way to use the weapon without rendering the planet entirely uninhabitable. For Earth, the significant level of destruction involved was seen as too big of a cost, and by the time it became apparent that this was the only option, it was too late.

As the fate of the last remaining humans on Earth drew to its close, they instead chose to jump ship and take refuge within the distant past of an alternate timeline.


After the defeat of the Praxis, Zilia then sends a few shards from some Praxis Humanoid structures back in time to Anglas roughly 100 years earlier in the hoping that a lucky researcher may find them and be able to engineer a better way to fight the Praxis. However, as they were sending the shards their temporal stream crossed paths with another traveler who ended up being caught in the stream and had been sent there as well. This collision then caused the once singular timeline to fragment into numerous timelines from that point forwards.

Zilia jumped back to investigate, and found herself back on Anglas. It was the time and place they had sent the shards, and from what Zilia could see a few of the shards had arrived intact. However, a majority of what they sent back was seemingly lost in the process.

Zilia walked over to the man, and was able to identify him as a much younger version of Nathan. Nathan was talking to Amelia and Emily on a tablet, and from their conversation Zilia could infer that they existed in another timeline. Zilia found this prospect quite curious, more so as Nathan wasn't one to willingly engage in these sorts of adventures, so whatever had happened to cause this was likely pretty serious.

As Nathan got up and started walking, he stepped on one of the shards which had gotten scattered away from the others. After he did so, it began to crackle and disintegrate, a usual sign of temporal instability. The shard then decayed into a small pile of black sand.

Zilia then walked up and directed some of her energy into the Jewel attached to the tablet, trying to send Nathan back wherever he came from. As Nathan continued walking, the Jewel began to shine, and then in a flash Nathan was gone.

Zilia watched the shards for a moment, and after Nathan left she could see Goran descend the steps and then start gathering them up. As he gathered them up, he put them into a bag, and then as if a part of the habit instilled by the University, took out a paper tape label and stuck it onto the bag. Goran then wrote down the time and place and nature of the artifacts he had encountered, followed by pulling out a paper notebook and writing down a more detailed recording of the things had just witnessed.

Zilia then went over and peeked at his notes. At this moment, Zilia had a sinking feeling, as she had seen these notes before. The fragments had not resulted in a weapon, but rather led to the discovery of Cyberization, and in effect all those who had been Cyberized had been themselves partially transformed into Praxis Humanoids.

After a moment Amelia appeared, herself seemingly unable to see or hear Zilia despite also being in the world of smoke. Zilia adjusts her bracelet, but is unable to match Amelia's phase. Amelia begins trying to gather up the black sand from the steps of the temple, but as soon as she interacts with it she starts collapsing in pain and then explodes into a cloud of smoke, with the small pile of black sand remaining where it was.

Zilia then started thinking this probably wasn't a particularly safe place to be, and then headed forward in time to the place and time of the last mission she knew of Amelia being sent. She encountered Amelia just after she had led Chad to the wounded Marie, and then fearing what might happen gave Amelia a warning to return back to her own time. Zilia was relieved that Amelia complied, and after Zilia returned to her own time was pleased to find that Amelia was still alive.

Amelia was a little confused, as Zilia had managed to witness a chain of events from seemingly outside the timeline. As far as Amelia knew, only she could see alternate versions of her own death, and she presumed Zilia would also only be able to see alternate versions of herself. Something was a bit odd if Zilia could see things from clearly outside their current timeline without crossing the bridge needed to jump into another universe.

Though, Amelia agreed not to go back there, as she knows all too well the dangers inherent in messing around with paradoxical events.


In some timelines, the leadership of Marie led to Neo Arcornia being formed. In other timelines, The Movement was led by Ivan alone and ultimately fizzled out, and in various others the Black Sand had formed. Niberaux was outside of a single timeline and as such, a person present on or within the structure would experience shadows of any number of possible timelines. Niberaux was in effect the original colony ship sent from Earth at a earlier time shortly after the development of translight, carrying Arthians who became the First Settlers.

The anomalies aboard Niberaux were caused by its translight drive malfunctioning, at which point it was largely abandoned by the remnants of the First Settlers. In the following centuries, those who ventured onboard usually become permanently lost within the twisting paths it created within the multiverse, usually never able to find their way home again. While Amelia was able to return, her outlook was quite changed by the experience. She was in effect permanently entwined with the multiverse, never fully able to return to residing within her home universe.


=== In the Other Timeline ===

In a timeline where Marie had died, Sam had gone to Niberaux chasing after Ivan who felt he could take control of the structure. Along the way, they ran into Amelia, who went to Niberaux along with Sam. Ivan's attempts were ultimately unsuccessful, and they had to leave quickly before they were caught in its snare once it began its jump. They had seen many things there, including Sam being chased around by a weird alternate Amelia who kept emerging from clouds of smoke.

After they fleed, Amelia then began following Sam around and they soon ended up as allies. One day, after his seeming assault by Andre, he came back a little different, and shortly thereafter began engaging more romantically with her. She was confused, but wasn't one to complain about the newfound attention. They soon ended up together, but afterwards Andre came around with a concerned expression and a sense of lingering shame.

Amelia asked him what the problem was, and he admitted to her what had happened that one night between him and Sam. She was a little shocked, not really seeing Andre as the type of person to engage people so, forcefully, but she could see that he felt quite sorry about it, so she tried to reassure him that everything was ok. He tried to appologize to Sam, but he didn't really want to talk about the matter any further and was generally hesitent of looking in his direction and would instead look distantly at Andre's rabbit, which Sam was secretly aware was something out of place in their world even if neither Andre nor Amelia could remembered what had happened in the original series of events. Sam's memory of the alternate timeline was sort of a haunting reminder for him, like he could never fully return to the life he once lived.

Andre felt he understood, that the sort of pain he had inflicted wasn't something which could be so easily remedied by kind words or an appology, and so Andre left to return to his own life.

Things weren't perfect for Emile either, who soon found himself pushed aside as Sam and Amelia were now a thing. Eventually he finds his own romantic interest.


Andre continued in his work trying to make it as a fashion designer and had recently started sharing his flat with a guy named Lennert who was also interested in designing apparel. After talking and meeting and talking about stuff, one thing led to another and they had ended up hooking up.

Lennert was a human male, with a fairly average build by human standards. His choice of clothing and mannerisms were a bit feminine, but this was to be expected. Andre could see whenever the man undressed that he had numerous scars. As as a young boy he had been beaten repeatedly with a belt and forced to service various older men for money. Many of these men would treat him roughly, but he couldn't complain about his situation or refuse their advances or else he would be beaten for it once he returned home.

One time, things got particularly bad, where the customer had induldged in some of his more sadistic impulses. Lennert was beaten and then taken quite forcefully. Afterwards, the customer still didn't quite feel satisfied, as something about the experience still didn't quite do it for him. The man then threw Lennert out without without payment. Knowing what would await him if he returned home empty handed, he then instead ran off and lived in the streets. He met and lived with some homeless people, sometimes begging, and but then ended up returning to what he knew and selling his services. He wore discarded ladies apparel, as he found this often made it easier to get past the initial inhibitions of many prospective clients. He often ended up hanging around the bar, as there he could get customers often enough to keep himself going. By this point, he had his own small apartment, and could use this and his growing collection of clothing to make himself more presentable and thus get better clients.

One night he met Andre, who was sitting around the bar and was sad about something he couldn't quite remember. They met and talked a few times, and eventually went back to Andre's place. Realizing Andre was quite lonely, Lennert gave himself up freely and neglected to mention his main line of business, instead presenting himself to Andre as another aspiring designer.

Not long afterwards, he ended up moving in with Andre. It wasn't too had of a transition for him, as he would soon discover both him and Andre knew many of the same clients, if albeit for a different line of business. Though Lennert and the clients often knew each other, things were kept discrete and the clients were usually more than happy enough to go along with the act that any past encounters between them had been fashion related.

As part of the act the clients would keep quiet when he pulled out "designs" which were clearly recognizable commercially made clothing from Lennert's personal wardrobe with small embelishments. This part of the story soon got easier to uphold once Lennert started presenting some actually original designs, him able to quietly pick up the basics by watching Andre.

The situation was different with Andre, whos designs were more legitimately original works, if albeit usually more gaudy than what the clients felt would have much potential for market appeal. The other designers had realized that what works on the runway is not necessarily what works in the market, even if sometimes stylistic elements of the runway designs could be adapted into the mainline. Andre hadn't quite caught onto this part, presenting designs which were at times a bit tacky.


Lennert remembered that when he was younger he had several other "siblings" who were in a similar situation to him, but he has since lost track of them. Shortly after he ran off, the man he once thought of his father had moved to another location with a new group of young boys as his "sons". Most of these were orphans who were being sold on the black market, and the father chose them based mostly on their looks and those he felt would be most attractive to his clients. The father operated this way, including the choice of male children, mostly as this way it was easier for him to go unnoticed by the Federation. The Federation had agents in place to try to discover and arrest people like this, but as a slight oversight in their practice they would tend to look specifically for people offering the services of young girls. As a result, while potentially more profitable, this also carried a higher risk of being caught.

Eventually, the father was caught and publically executed, with his collection of boys being sent back into the same orphanage system that had sold them off to begin with. There, they might potentially end up in a better situation, or they might just end up being again sold to whoever else comes along and is willing to put up enough of a bid for the authorities to look the other way.


While in some sense the Lennert's situation with Andre wasn't entirely different for him, and he couldn't help but be reminded of his past experiences nearly every time they were together, he could see that Andre actually cared for him and was concerned for his feelings and wouldn't do anything intentionally to hurt him. Lennert thought to himself that maybe now was finally the time he could work to rid himself of the pain which haunted him from his past, leaving his past life behind as he now persued his new life as an up and coming fashion designer. In this new world, he no longer needed to sell himself, he could sell clothing instead. In the daytime, he and Andre would collaborate together on designs, and continued working on trying to pitch their ideas to potential manufacturing clients and clothing retailers.

Working together, Andre started having more success, as Lennert had more of a sense of what people were likely to find appealing. As the designs became more refined, they started finding more people willing to make and sell the designs.


One day, Lennert's past catches up to him when some off hand comments by Amelia about Lennert's past lefestyle alerts Andre to things not quite being as they seem between them. At this moment, Lennert starts realize he really does care for Andre, and goes into full detail about his past and begs for Andre to forgive him for the false pretense there had been between them up to this point. Andre, knowing what this experience is like decides to forgive Lennert but tells him that there should not be any more secrets between them. Andre had already given himself to Lennert and while otherwise this might have been a deal breaker, Andre felt what was done was done and felt they should leave the past in the past.

Amelia was annoyed as things were not going as she had hoped, and in trying to push her position angered Andre as his mind was already made up on these matters. It seemed to him that Amelia was not concerned for his well-being or happiness, but rather was trying to convince him to do what she wanted him to do for her own reasons. With him now having his own life and his own career, he no longer had as much time for dealing with her, and she wasn't entirely taking it well.

After this, things weren't quite the same between them. While Andre could generally forgive people, he had a hard time forgiving her for some of the things she said about Lennert.


As in the other timeline, Sam and Amelia have a daughter together they name Amanda, followed by a son they name Marcus. Both look remarkably like their counterparts in the other timeline.

Amelia's personality was generally a lot softer in this timeline. She spent much more of her time raising her children and being devoted to her family life, and felt little need to take anyone's life. Instead of developing power and taking peoples' lives to get her way, she developed the skill of being nice to people and winning them over with words. Things didn't always go the way she wanted, and could still backfire sometimes, but it seemed like a reasonable tradeoff.

While the thought of taking peoples' lives may have crossed her mind once or twice, she refrained from doing so as it always seemed like an unreasonable risk of her being caught and she never got past the threshold of making her first kill.

She had still developed some reality warping abilities, and started to become aware of happenings within the other timelines. In some sense, she became aware of her alternate self, as did her alternate self become aware of her. She started interacting and cooperating with her alternate selves as part of a shared project within the multiverse to defeat the invading Praxis Humanoids.


Part of this was trying to get Amanda and Markus into a good position. With some meddling on Amelia's part, Amanda ends up meeting Christof and takes a liking to him.

This was seen as a reasonable outcome, given Julian does not exist in this universe and Neo Arcronia never came into existence nor experienced its rise to power. Instead, it was Ivan trying to continue the fight against the Federation before ultimately being captured and then fading into obscurity.

Christof is an engineer working at Garanette, and makes a decent income working for one of the world's top robotics manufacturers.

He initially had some hesitation about Amanda on the basis of her being arthian, but his father Klaus put some pressure on him to accept her advances.

Klaus was at this point also in a senior position within Garanette, and had a few meetings with Amelia. Amelia informed Klaus about Amanda's interest in Christof, and offered some amount of information she had gathered if he could make it happen. The first part of the deal was teaser information, partly about the otherwise classified Arcornian piloted robot program, the Cyberization process, and some classified research concerning the Praxis humanoids.

Klaus doesn't quite realize that most of this classified research is mostly leaked from another universe, but it isn't exactly like he can contact the Federation government to confirm its authenticity. What little he can check into seems to check out that it is at least something, and what he can check into seems otherwise consistent with the other classified documents he does have access to.

These documents, however, are a level up from those he would normally have access to in his role as a military contractor, and had some relevance to Garanette's interests even if being in posession of them was itself a potential liability.

If things went the way she wanted, the deal was that she would hand over more of this information, and other information as it came in. Klaus basically jumped on it, and Christof was basically given little choice in these matters but to accept Amanda's advances.

As far as Amelia was concerned, there was nothing wrong with this, as she felt she was just being a parent trying to do what was best for her daughter. While she bent the rules a little, in her mind the possibility of the authorities finding out was more of a concern than whether or not her actions here could be considered ethical.

For her, ethics was a bit of an abstract concern. For more day to day matters if there was something and her alternate selves could agree on, it was that the ends justify the means.


Once they were together things settled in pretty quickly. After meeting a few times, their reservations soon fade, and they end up going at it despite it now being pretty obvious to both of them that their parents had been conspiring to set them up together. Soon enough, all this didn't really seem to matter.

Not long afterwards Christof and Amanda end up marrying and have a daughter together who they name Hazel. Her mix of human and arthian traits was pretty common of most hybrids, with her having a sparse covering of light brown fur and retaining the arthian ears, teeth, and a tail.


As in the other universe, he goes on to develop a more line of advanced processor cores for the robots, which are used to give more advanced AI behaviors to their robotic surrogates. Things still aren't foolproof though, as people realize they can still detect and confuse the surrogates using specially crafted images which disrupt their AI.

They would put up images which would look like a rainbow colored picture of highly distorted abstract art. Humans wouldn't mind too much, but when an AI controlled surrogate would encounter it, it would see the pattern as some other object and respond, potentially drastically, to its appearance in front of them. Putting up these sorts of images then became a widespread pastime among those who were opposed to the widespread use of surrogates in daily life.
 
Similarly, they had also discovered that by painting themselves or other objects with special black and white patterns, they can disrupt the AIs perception and thereby render themselves invisible to the AIs.


Around the time Hazel is an adult, the Praxis Humanoids begin their invasion. The Federation works in an attempt to devise countermeasures to fight them off, but is ultimately left with little other option but to rain down on the other planet a mixture of black sand and nukes. The black stand starts rapidly breaking down the Praxis Humanoids, turning them into unstable zombie like forms, with their buildings and other structures rapidly decaying and themselves transforming into zombie-like entities.

Faced with no other option, the Praxis humanoids are forced into retreat and shortly there after the Praxis Core emerges from the planet and re-forms its outer shell. Once this happens, the core and the remaining Praxis Humanoids then leave the system before the corruption can spread further. They end up making an indirect path headed back in the direction of Earth, though the Earth they left from is no longer a place they can return to.

The Federation then sends a few more nukes to the planet for good measure, and the planet soon begins to revert back to a more lifeless form. Once the black sand runs out of organic matter and energy to consume, it soon reverts to being lifeless dust, though still a lingering hazard for those who may one day return to the planet.

