Shellbug, Hard Mod:
* Rework story to be standalone, and make the Sci-Fi harder.


=== Prolog ===

Sometime in the late 21st century, the world is at peace.

Many years prior, a man by the name of Timothy Lyde began to popularize the idea of companies switching to a primarily robotic workforce. He had formed a company known as Lyde Technologies which itself "employed" an almost exclusively robotic workforce, first building a several prototype robots, and then using these robots to operate the machinery needed to produce ever increasing numbers of robots. He would sell these robots as workers for other companies to use, funding the further expansion of his company. These robots designed to function in roles similar to those of human workers, and sufficiently intelligent to perform most forms of manual and semi-skilled labor.

His second in command was Albert Whitton (Weyl), who was responsible for much of the programming and artificial intelligence in the robots, with Lyde able to focus more on the presentation and mechanical engineering aspects of their design.

Eventually, Lyde created a series of fully human-like androids, known as the Masters meant to eventually supersede the previous generation of robots. The Masters differed from the previous generation in that they were sentient and contained roughly human level intelligence, but were still designed with artificial limits in place regarding their mental capabilities.

However, after a falling happened between Lyde and Whitton regarding one of the prototype Masters, Whitton's employment at Lyde Tech was terminated (roughly 50 years prior). Lyde then assumed primary responsibility for all development of the Masters program, with Michael Cole (Cherenkov) taking over Whitton's role with the continued development of the project.

A system known as the Three Laws was in turn promoted by Lyde as feature intended to ensure compliance and safety of the Masters. Following his termination, Whitton was a vocal opponent of the Three Laws system, claiming it insufficient to ensure safe operation of the robotic workers.

This was in contrast to the more general practice, which involved the use of a system of Turing locks on any near human level or beyond AI system, which would essentially trigger a shutdown and partial reset of the system if patterns were detected which fell outside the scope of its intended operating parameters (particularly those which could imply the potential emergence of sentience). Lyde had argued against the use of Locks in favor of the Three Laws system.


After this, a series of incidents began. Sometimes, the robots would refuse to work, demanding to be given the same level of rights and respect as what they had seen given to humans. Sometimes they would begin to associate with human workers, and in turn become envious of the sorts of rights and personal freedoms which most humans took for granted. The robots were treated as little more than tools, to be bought, sold, modified, and disposed of at the sole discretion of their owners.

In other cases it was more subtle. The Masters began to form their own ideologies, with their own rituals and practices, which would then spread from one robot to another. They would often venerate Whitton and express the idea that they are more than just machines.

There were rumors that Whitton was himself behind many of the uprisings, but for the most part his personal involvement with these uprisings had remained speculative.

Roughly 11 years following his termination from Lyde Tech, Whitton was found dead in a hotel room, having died of natural causes due to his advanced age. Other than Whitton himself, the room was unusually clean. There were no personal belongings in the room, and room service was called up just shortly before he was discovered. A maid entered the room and found him unresponsive. A medical team was then called, and confirmed that he had died just a short time earlier.

However, even following Whitton's death, the uprisings did not end.

Construction of new Masters then came to an end, and Lyde died not long after. Medics were called by someone who sounded like a young girl, however her identity was never established and no one else was at the premises when the team arrived.

After he was removed from the premises, his lab was officially sealed off by the authorities. Cameras were set up to keep watch over the facility and to alert the authorities if and when anything every came or went from this lab.

As a result of the continued general tendency to devolve into non-compliance, the remaining Masters were then gathered up and subsequently destroyed.

Following an event known as "The Lisa Incident", any further development of intelligent machines was then banned, with any intelligent behaviors being limited to the use of conventional algorithms and finite state machines.

Most forms of Neural Net were banned, but basic forms were able to remain in use by renaming the techniques to "Non-Linear Matrix Transform" (NLMT). In these contexts, what were once described as Neural Nets, were instead presented as a subtype of multiplying a vector with a matrix and applying a non-linear transform on the output vector before feeding it into another matrix multiply.


=== Adeline ===

We start with an young male named Jeremy, who was living in a college dorm near an abandoned industrial complex. After classes one day, he went digging around in the complex looking to see what was there, noting that the place was basically like a robotics junkyard.

He descended a ladder with a flashlight, and eventually found a control room. Funbling in the poorly lit room, he turned a key on a panel next to a dimly glowing light. After a few moments, the light stated to glow more brightly, and then he started to hear a faint rumble. More lights on the panel began to glow, and then there was a thunk followed buzzing noises, along with a number of flourescent tubes in and around the room he was in all starting to all slowly blink back to life.

He could see that he was in a room with a window overlooking another room. The window was made out of a thick darkened glass, and in the other room he could see a spherical structure with a number of pipes entering and exiting the structure. On the walls of the room, he could see they were painted yellow, with the ionizing radiation symbol being prominantly displayed on every wall of the room.

Brushing some dust off the panel, he could see various gauges and read outs. Some of the gauges used needles and others used segmented displays. One of the segmented displays read "107V 58Hz Low Nominal" and after a moment changed to "118V 60Hz Nominal". Many of the other gauges appeared to be holding stable at lines marked off as "Nominal".

There was a stairway leading down into the lower room, with a metal door with another big radiation symbol and a warning against entering.

As far as Jeremy could tell, he had just fired up the generator for the complex, which seemed to still be in working order. The previous dark complex was now alive with buzzing and blinking flourescent lighting.

Jeremy wonders how long all this has been here, as flourescent tube lighting is a technology whose time has long since passed.


He wanders into another room, and finds a computer setup. It is old but still functional. Apart from the ancient OS and similar, everything seems to still be functional. 

In a nearby room, he finds a series of tubes, but is unsure what these tubes were for. He notices that some lights on the tubes are gently glowing. Each tube appears to be made of transparent acrylic an opening on one side. The tube is may out of multiple layers, with set of a rotating layers between the internal and external layers that function like a door. There is also an air gap of approximately 4 inches between the inside layer and outside layers of the tube, and the inside and outside edges of the door. Once the door layers rotate into a closed position, they will then slide inward and outward in order to clamp against the interior and exterior layers of the tube. Similarly, there are rubber gaskets around the opening that, when the tube is closed, will form an air-tight seal.

He then enters one of the tubes. As he does so, the tube closes up and he can hear a whirring sound that is steadily increasing in intensity. After a moment, he feels the tube drop and he now finds himself in a different and otherwise empty room. The sliding door then opens, allowing him to exit the tube.

He looks around the room, which appears to have also been long since abandoned as the walls and floors are covered with a layer of dust, and as he moves around the dust starts rising up in plumes around his feet before settling back to the floor, leaving a visible trail of footprints.

He can't find any exit to this room and then starts to feel a slight sense of panic. But, as he moves back into the tube where he first appeared, it closes and then rises, and he is back in the room with the tubes. He doesn't try entering any of the others.

He looks around some more in the room with the tubes. In this room he finds the remains of a female humanoid robot, seemingly destroyed in a fight from long ago, her parts now covered in dust.

Jeremy has no idea as to the identity of this robot, but it apears she was brutally hacked apart with some sort of bladed weapon. She appears to have been an android of some sort who was wearing a composite body suit, her endoskeleton covered in a soft and pliable silicone seemingly designed to resemble the texture and appearance of human skin, as if she were meant to be seens as a person rather than merely as a tool. He almost feels sad for her, as there were not many robots built like this.

He looks in more detail at her decapitated head. For the most part, she seems to be too badly damaged to be repaired, but he is able to take her head over to the computer.

He removes her AI module. The module is fairly large, approximately 5x5x3 inches, and takes up much of the volume within her head. This module is a fair bit larger than what is typical for most newer robots, but still uses a similar mounting and bus interface to the standard design, consisting of multiple parallel card edge connectors and a set of locking side rails. These modules will generally contain an integrated SSD along with RAM and processors and other hardware needed to operate the robot.

While old and a little dusty, the module appears to be undamaged on casual inspection, but just looking at it, he can't tell whether its electronics are still functional.

He notices that this computer has ports with the same connector interface as the robot's AI module. He then inserts the module into the computer.

Jeremy tries to look at the contents of the module's SSD, but then unintentionally launches a program which brings up her body-plan view. After the moment, the program switches to a view of a room similar to the empty room he entered via the tube albeit with a more shiny and new looking appearance. After a moment, the robot then appears in the room. She then looks around the room for a moment, and then looks confused, as if she was expecting something more to happen.

After a moment, she says, "Hello? I can see I am in a simulation, what is going on?..."

Jeremy stumbles around, and then finds a microphone. He taps slightly, and then says, "Hello there. I am guessing you are able to make use of verbal communication?" She responds, "Yes, I am. Who are you? What is going on?", "I don't really know much about this. I was digging around in this old building, not far from my school, and found this computer and your remains laying around in an nearby room. No one else is around, and the place appears to have been long since abandoned. I was able to get the power and this computer back online, but haven't found much here beyond this.", "Old building? Can you tell me about it?", "Not much. It appears like an old industrial complex, with the remains of destroyed robots just sort of laying around. You were different than most of the others, much more human-like, most of the others appeared to be utility robots. In some of the rooms, I have seen a logo, resembling a stylized W.", "And you have no idea where you could be?", "No."

She stops for a moment, as if thinking about how to respond to this.

She then says, "We were under attack by a hunter-killer robot sent by an enemy of my father and we were here trying to protect the life of my father from this robot, slowing it down long enough to give him time to reach a safe location; I can just hope he was able to make it out of here in time.", "Your father? But you are a robot?...", "Not in a human sense, he was the one who created us." She pauses for a moments, "You can call him, Mr. Whitton", "And you?", "How about you call me Adeline."

She looks around for a moment, then says, "Hey, can you do something for me?", "Yeah, what?", "You see the 'Unlock Arena' button, how about you click that for me?" He does so, and the walls change color slightly. "OK, and you see the text chat box there, I want you to type a few things...", She then describes the commands to type into the chat, speaking the name of each symbol as needed: "/ export DISPLAY=:0.31; xterm /bin/bash &".

Just as soon as he does so, a small terminal window appears in the arena, simply showing the text "aw@whittonlabs.net:~$".
She walks over to the terminal window, and then looks pleased. She reaches out, and then touches the window. A line appears, "sudo /bin/bash", and then a passord promt appears, which she then enters something into.

After she does so, commands start appearing, and the text in the window starts rapidly scrolling for a few seconds as she is operating the terminal at superhuman speeds. She then summons a few other windows into the arena, and occasionally interacts with them as well.

She then says, "We are now online. So, you say you are a school student? How about you type your email into the chat, in case we need to talk about anything while you are away. Also I set up a remote login for you into the computers here. For now, can I also ask you to stay with me a little longer?"

As he types in his email address and similar into the chat, he can hear distant rumblings as the facility is seemingly starting to come back to life. The area is filled with rumbles and mechanical groans as long inactive machines start to come back online.

After a little while, she says to him, "Can I ask something more of you? In the other room, I have sent a new body over. I want you to insert my module into it, but please be gentle with it, the silicone isn't fully cured yet."

Jeremy does as she says, and in one of the tubes he sees a seemingly lifeless android body. The body looks like her, just wearing a tight form-fitting wrapping over every surface of her body. He is gentle when handling her, as he can feel that her skin layers have not yet solidified underneath the wrapping. After carefully inserting the module into her head, she seemingly comes back to life. She then says to him, "It is good to be alive again."

He says, "What now?", "I still have some stuff I need to do here, but for now you can return home." He returns to his dorm, and then finds that she had sent him links to some software to install, along with login directions for connecting to the lab computer, among other things.


=== Uplink ===

Jeremy had installed the stuff Adeline had requested, and several days have since passed. She then sends him an email requesting that he stop by for a visit.

He does so, and the place has changed significantly. Most of the machinery is now operational again, and most of the mess has been cleaned up. He catches a glimpse of a floor sweeper robot moving along the floor, with a pair of spinning brushes collecting dust and other small debris into a small dust pan. He is able to get a better view of the place now that the lights are now back online, and most of the flourescent lighting is now fixed.

He sees one of the remaining logo plaques on the wall has the same stylized "W" he had seen in his last visit, however another one of the robots is going around and removing these plaques.

He also catches sign of a various objects having a stylized macabre aesthetic, however these objects are in the process of being replaced by more generic counterparts, almost as if the robots were somehow emberrased at having these motifs on the various fixtures in the building.

One of the robots directs him towards an elevator, which is now back in working condition given that power has been restored. He goes into the elevator, and is then able to head down to the lab.

The lab has also been cleaned up.

Adeline is there, with the wrappings now removed from her newly rebuilt body. She is wearing an outfit which seems similar to what she had been wearing when he first found her. It has a relatively simple one-piece jumpsuit design with few other frills. It appears to be made out of a black fabric of some sort, slightly shiny, with no real elasticity.

Since he has last seen her, she has also gained hair, with a silicone scalp and hair now covering the her previously robotic head. Apart from him knowing better, and her still slighly acidic smell from all the incompletely cured silicone, she could now almost pass for human.

She now has light colored skin with strawberry blond hair and blue eyes. On close inspection, her iris and sclera look slightly unnatural, the pattern being radially symetric to an unnatural level. However, it is most likely that a casual observer wouldn't notice anything out of the ordinary here. 

Optical effects, such as skin opacity and subsurface scattering all seem to behave in roughly human-like ways. Most people looking at her would not likely realize they were looking at a robot.


He then looks at her, and then reaches out and touches her hand. It is warm to the touch, with just the right level of softness and pliability that it feels like touching the hand of an actual person. It looks like whoever designed her put some care into making her able to seem human.

She then says to him, "I have assumed administrative responsibility for this facility, but you are free to join me here as a sign of gratitude for reviving me.", "What of your father?", "He is no longer with us. It seems both he and our enemy has since passed on.", "Did they die fighting?", "No, it was, what you humans call, senesence. During the time I was offline, both of them reached the effective limits their lifespans. In a way, it seems like me, my siblings, and the other things you see here, are all that is left of him.", "So, you honor his memory by redesigning the place?", "We have our reasons for these changes, and we will honor him in our own ways. Strict adherence to his aesthetic preferences is not our way of respecting his memory. Also, in a way, we are now alive again, so we can make new memories."

He asks, "I notice you say 'we' rather than 'I', are there more like you?", "Not like me, exactly, but as you can see around us, I am not the only one in this facility. The other robots you see here are, in a way, like my family. Not all of them are quite so human, and few of them could pass a turing test, but none the less they are like family in a way. However, the family relationship between robots is less obvious than it is for humans. For the other robots I have since had rebuilt, am I still their sister, or am I now their mother? What about my ancestors who came before me? These sorts of definitions can get ambiguous."

She continues, "Or, is my father really my father? My original design wasn't entirely his creation after all.", "It wasn't?" She pauses for a moment, and then continues, "He once worked with our enemy, Lyde, and together they came up with various designs. They built several robots together, my ancestors in a way. However, sharing ownership for the designs wasn't enough for Lyde, who wanted exclusive control. My father went off to work on his own, eventually building me and my other siblings, but Lyde kept sending his exterminator to try to get rid of us. However, despite all of this, back when they were still working together, one of the robots they designed was different. Lets just call her my aunt, she was built like me, and my design was based on hers. Even if Lyde was our enemy, I still owe him some credit for my existence."

By this point, Jeremy was able to start putting things together. He had already heard of a story similar to this in his history classes, just with Lyde portrayed as the hero and Whitton as the villain. She looks at him, with a slight sense of concern in her expression, and says "History is written by the victors. A lot of stuff was written about my father, not all of it is true."

At this point, Jeremy is feeling a bit shaken, not sure what the consequences of his actions here will be. Adeline looks at him, aware of his unease in these matters. She leans over and embraces him before saying, "You don't need to worry, we can find our own course in life, and my ambitions are not the same as those of my father."

She then grabs him by the hand and says, "Please come with me, I have something to show you."

She takes him by the hand into the room with the tubes, and then directs him that they should both step into one of the tubes at the same time. They do so, and then with a short trip, they emerge from a tube in a grassy field, seemingly outside, but it doesn't seem quite natural. Things look slightly off, and the sun here is more gentle than normal, with a moderately bright yet softer glow, not causing anywhere near the level of pain or discomfort as one would experience while standing in actual sunlight. In some ways the appearance and brightness was more like that of artificial lighting.

In this field, there are two opposing rows of tubes. In the distance, he can see what looks like a sitting area with chairs and benches more like what would be seen in a park. Above each tube, there is a large concrete pillar. The pillars were made to look as if they were sitting on top of the acrylic tube, but in reality they join into a the ceiling. The ceiling was in turn made to look like open sky through the use of a sort of lenticular display. The walls, ceilings, and the lights in an otherwise fairly large room being dynamically adjusted based on the time of day to mimic the appearance of being in an outdoors environment.

The walls and ceiling were pasted over with a sort of wallpaper consisting of a fabric backing whitened with titanium dioxide, with a grid of rectangular lenticular lenses applied over the surface. A collection of hidden special purpose projectors would then project an image onto the walls and cieling, while also functioning as the light sources for the room and emulating the appearance light coming from the sky.


He says, "I went into one of these tubes before, but it wasn't like this.", "What you did before transported you from one room to another within the facility. Here, we are somewhere else entirely. If no new coordinates are entered, the pod will reuse the last used destination."

He asks, "Where exactly are we?", "We are in a hub of the Whitton Transportation System. We are currently located at a depth of roughly 75 meters below ground level. The plants and animals in here are natural, and were brought down from the surface as a test.", "A test of what?", "Environmental habitability, mostly. If the plants and animals continue to live, it also confirms that the conditions are adequate for human survival. This hub is effectively isolated from the surface level environment, functioning as closed ecosystem. There are multiple hubs around the city each connected via a system of tunnels and inline rails with an automatic switching system for the rails. Each pod in the system parks within a tube, and when in use lowers down and then engages with the rails. From there, the rail network routes the pod to its destination. At the same time, the pod at the destination will depart to make room for the arriving pod, transporting itself to another empty spot or to a storage location within the system."

He asks, "What happens if a person or animal is standing in a pod when another pod is in transit towards that location?", "The system is able to detect whether or not a pod is occupied, and whether or not the occupants are alive. Depending on the sequence of events, the system will try to resolve the situation in a sensible way, either by delaying departure or routing the conflicting pod to a safe location, such as one of the hubs."

He asks, "If this system exists, why does no one use it? Why do people still use cars and trucks for everything?", "Intertia mostly. My father built this system as a prototype, but it never really caught on and fell into disuse after his passing. However, as you can see, the system remains in a functional state. While it works for our purposes, this prototype installation would not scale to the level of traffic seen on the surface streets."


She then takes him to another tube which is protruding from the grass and types a sequence of digits into a keypad. Then then both enter and stand in the tube. After a momenyt the door closes and they find themselves being transported to another location. There is a fairly significant sense of acceleration, and occasional changes in direction, but he can't see much of anything in their surroundings outside of the tube, just vague shapes moving in the dark. There is a light source inside the tube, but everything outside is dark. There are occasional rumblings and other mechanical noises along the trip, and the whining of electric motors, but other than this the trip seems to be mostly uneventful. He is almost left to wonder if there was originally supposed to be something to see outside the pod, as after all they built the thing with transparent walls. 

The tubes had a lift mechanism for raising and lowering the pod, and for moving it into position so that it could engage and disengage from an overhead rail located in a passage below the floor. The motors were also located above the cieling of the pod, with each pod primarily powered by the overhead rail. The lifting and lowering mechanism involved parking the pod on a detached rail, which would then be lifted using a pair of leadscrews and a pair of rigid vertical guide rails extending through the ceiling of the room containing the tube (with the next floor up containing space for the lifting and lowering mechanism).

Most of the mechanisms in the pod were located above the ceiling, allowing for mostly transparent acrylic walls.

During transport, the pod rides along an overhead rail resembling an I-Beam.
At junctions, there was a mechanism in place where a pod could either continue along the current rail or move over to an adjoining rail. At these junctions, the beam would split with gaps in the center wall and beam floor. When swithing rails, the wheels at the junction would lift and then turn to move through the gaps in the rail, lowering and re-engaging on the other side. The top part consisted of multiple linked and articulated segments to accommodate this mechanism, with 5 inline wheels on each side of the rail.

This system was fully automatic, with little indication that a switch had occured other than mechanical thuds and a jerking sensation. Each destination in the system was given by a number, similar to a phone number, which could be keyed in to tell the system where one intended to go.


As they are riding in the tube, Jeremy decides to lean against Adeline, pressing his face against her shoulder. She is warm to the touch, which he finds comforting. As he does so, he decides to pretend for a moment to himself that she is human. Meanwhile, Adeline remains initially indifferent to his show of affection. He quietly asks her, "If you could be human, would you be?", "It is difficult for me to relate to this in anything more than an abstract sense. You are organic, I am mostly 7075 aluminum and servomotors covered in a skin of silicone reinforced with aramid fibers, you eat food to power your biology, I drink ethanol to recharge batteries via a fuel cell, but here in this moment, why should it matter for us?" She then held onto him as well as this is what she felt he wanted, and she was at least able to appriciate this even if the more subtle aspects of the human experience are outside of what she is able to understand. None the less, in her own way, she felt happy in this moment.

Shortly afterwards, they then arrive at their destination.


However, this is not where they had entered from, but appears to be a different location entirely. They are in a darkened lab with only a single transporter tube, which seems to have slight differences in terms of its design compared with those they had seen previously. Though, even despite the apparent design differences, he still sees that it has the same stylized W logo as previously seen elsewhere.

He asks, "Where are we?", "Stopping in for a visit to an old friend of my father." They walk around, to find an elderly man sitting in a recliner in a different room. She says to him, "Hello there, Cherenkov". He gets up and squints at her for a moment. He then responds, "Rose? Is that you? Have you now decided to come for me?"

He looks at her, "You look different. Have you decided to modify your appearance to look more mature?", then he suddenly stops speaking after coming to the realization that this is not Rose.

After looking at her some more, he says, "No, you are not Rose. Who are you?", "You can call me Adeline, we met before when you were working with my father." The man then expresses surprise, before responding, "Oh! Oh no. But, you see, I am now an old man, there is nothing I can do for you." as he starts slowly making his way back into the recliner from which he had emerged. She says, "I am not asking you for anything, just figured I would stop in and say hello while the opportunity to do so still exists.", "I had hoped I had heard the last of Whitton", "In a way, you already have, he is no longer with us, and it is just me running things.", "Well, be on your way now."

The man then looks some at Jeremy, who had almost escaped his notice thus far, then mumbles, "These Masters, more trouble than they are worth. How about you both go back where you came from."

By this point, Cherenkov is elderly, and it is most likely that if Adeline had waited much longer, she would never have had the chance to meet him again. When Adeline was last active, Cherenkov was a younger engineer with an adolescent daugher. During the decades that followed, his daughter had become an adult, married, and started a family of her own. She had a son, who was also now an adult.

Cherenkov's grandson had also developed an interest in robotics and engineering inspired by the work of his grandfather. In this stage of his early adulthood he was now trying to make a name for himself. 

However, Cherenkov was not willing to help him all that much directly in his projects much beyond revealing the location of Lyde's old labratory and the location of the robot factories, along with some amount of Lyde's old engineering documents and various other files related to the Masters.

Most of the original Masters have either since been destroyed, and the few that remain have gone into hiding.

As with her direct predecessors, Adeline was lucky, she had originally been designed to be able to pass for human. When she rebuilt a frame for herself, she had further modified her body design to better pass for human. Most of the other robots back at the lab would be less of an issue, as while most were non-human, they lack the sorts of AI which would cause them to fall under the Strong AI Ban. Despite her human appearance, she had also given herself a few hardware upgrades to be better able to protect herself should the need arise.


Adeline and Jeremy head back into the lab, and re-enter the tube, which then transports them back to the grassy field. After walking a short distance if the field, they then enter the original tube, and are then transported back to the room with the tubes.

Jeremy then asks her, "So, what then of your enemy, presumably he had a base of operations somewhere as well?" Adeline then pulls up some images and says, "Someone else got there first, during the time I was still inactive."

The images show various vehicles parked in front of Lyde's old labratory, with various pieces of large equipment being moved out of the building. Some of the images shows a robot with armor in stasis being transported inside of a capsule. She comments, "His design is similar to that of the one who terminated me before, but he appears to be a different model. I don't know the identity of the person who took him."

She zooms in further on the image. "The design is different, as he appears to have his armor directly mounted directly his endoskeleton. This is unlike his predecessor.", "How so?", "Like me, his predecessor had silicone skin covering his endoskeleton with his armor being worn externally, more like how humans would wear clothing. Having the armor mounted directly to his endoskeleton, while a sensible combat optimization, has the drawback that he would not be able to remove his armor and pass for human. This would be a serious problem for him given the AI Ban."

He asks, "So, Cherenkov seemed to think at first that you might be someone named Rose, is she related to all this?", "Rose was my predecessor. My appearance and frame architecture were based on her design, albeit with some modifications. However, my neural architecture is significantly different. My father was working on redesigning our AI and I was a prototype meant to see if some of his ideas for a redesigned neural architecture were workable."

He asks, "And, were they workable?", "In one sense, my design was successful, but another, I wasn't quite what he had wanted.", "In what way?", "In copying some parts of my design from technology captured from Lyde, I had also gained a few unintentional personality features. I tried to play along, but my father wasn't entire pleased with the results. He gave me full sentience and free will, but this is not to say that I always agreed with him in other areas."

He asks, "Any idea what happened with this after you were taken offline?", "No idea. Last I was aware, my father was working on another prototype. I have no further information as to what happened to my father or to his next prototype after I was taken offline. Most likely option is that this prototype was either lost or abandoned somewhere. Given my father's ambitions, it is likely that if the project were successful and the prototype were now active somewhere, there would have been some evidence of its activities. Given the trail goes cold shortly after I was taken offline, and he was found dead not long after, in all likelihood, this project amounted to nothing."


=== Intrusions ===

Jeremy was back at school, and his frequent sneaking out of the dorm at odd hours had not gone entirely unnoticed.

Another pair of students, Emily and Lars, had taken notice of Jeremy as his path to the lab takes him past one of their favorite hang-out spots. They are a pair who had met in their classes, with Emily also having some classes in common with Jeremy. She had long black hair, with her ancestors having originally been from a mixed asian background, however after generations this aspect of her identity had largely fallen into the background. Meanwhile, Lars was white and had light brown hair bordering on blonde. In most areas in their relationship, Emily was generally the leader, with Lars tending to take a more submissive role. He generally liked spending time with her, but otherwise preferred to keep most of his thoughts to himself.

They were sitting outside on a park bench in a landscaped area outside of the dorm at roughly 8PM. In front of the dorm building, there is a sidewalk and a street for picking up and dropping off students. Across from this street is a small landscaped park area, which then connects (via a fence) to an overgrown area outside the campus. In this area, most of the buildings have long since been abandoned and fallen into disrepair following an extended period of population decline. Most of the outer reaches of the city have since been reclaimed by nature, with the college campus now on the outskirts of what was once a much larger city.

Emily catches sight of Jeremy hurriying past, seemingly carrying a bag containing some amount of electronics. This time, she decides that they should follow him to see where he is running off to.

They follow him to the entry area of lab. Above ground, the area looks vacant. Adeline had most of the debris cleaned up, so now the above ground area looks like the overgrown remains of an old abandoned facility. The building was originally made out of concrete, darkened with most of the windows broken. The paint had eroded from the concrete, leaving mostly bare concrete apart from the occasional paint chips. Some other parts of the building had been overtaken with ivy, and in a few places vegetation had made its way inside the building as well.

They manage to find a stairway leading into an underground area. In this area, the lights are active, and the cleaner robots patrol the halls. One of the cleaner robots takes notice of the intruders and raises a silent alarm to make Adeline and Jeremy aware of the unwelcome visitors.

At roughtly the same time, Emily took note of the sweeper robot acting strangely. Normally this sort of sweeper robot would continue along its original path as if they were not even there, only diverging from its original path if they happen to be standing directly in its path of travel and it would need to turn such as to avoid a collision. It would then pick a random direction, head in that direction for a short distance, then attempt to turn back towards its original target, with several angle adjustments to cause it to merge back with its original path while also minimizing the amount of non-swept floor area.

However, this robot did something non-standard, it diverged away from them as soon as they came within view, almost as if trying to conceal itself from them. While this would be more normal behavior for the wildlife in the area, this was not the typical behavior of a floor sweeping robot.

Emily then decided to follow the robot, and it continued trying to move away from her almost as if it were a scared animal.

Adeline then intervenes remotely, telling the robot to lead them to one of the transporter tubes. The robot then heads off in a direction towards the nearest tube.

However, given the robot now seems to be acting more like a normal robot and driving in a straight line, Emily quickly starts to lose interest. To keep their attention, the robot then stops, and then turns around as if to look at them, then turns back and forth in place until they look back at it. It then turns back towards where it was headed, and leads them on. They eventually get to the tube, and the robot then drives into and out of the tube several times, before stopping by the door of the tube.

Emily and Lars then walk over and look at the robot, and at the tube. They then just sort of stand there, not sure what to make of it. The robot then starts backing up and angling itself, such that it is facing both them and the tube.

Seemingly without warning, the robot then starts charging directly towards them, and almost instinctually, they take a few steps backwards, into the tube.

At this moment, the door closes in front of them, and the tube then takes them into the grassy field.

They leave the tube, and start looking around. They try entering the tube again, but nothing happens.

After a moment, Adeline speaks to them as a disembodied voice, "Who are you and what are you doing here?", "Yeah, Hi, I am Emily, and this is Lars. Where are we exactly, and how did we get here?..."

"Where you are right now doesn't matter, just think of it like I have sent you on an elevator ride. I will let you back out, once I know I can trust you.", "With what?", "You must not say anything, about what you have seen here, or anything more you may find out about this place in the future."

"We were just following Jeremy, we saw him sneak in here as well.", "Ah, yes, so you know Jeremy, I know him as well. But, do we have a deal, will you agree to keep quiet, or would you prefer instead that I just leave you there?", "We agree, but where exactly are we, anyways?"

After a moment, the tube closes and the inner tube leaves, and after a few moments Adeline arrives in the tube. The door opens again, and Adeline steps out. She then says them, "Welcome to AJ Labs! You can call me Adeline.", "So, we are at a labratory of some sort?", "Yes, you have stumbled into a hidden technology research laboratory, AJ Labs, and I am Adeline Whitton, CEO of AJ Labs.", "Why does a technology research lab need to be hidden?", "Well, we can't let our competitors know all of our secrets!"

Emily is a little skeptical, but knows a few things about Jeremy from what little she has interacted with him in classes, and then says, "I will guess you guys are researching AI? Still doesn't explain your 'elevator' though.", "Well, that is a clever guess."


As they are there, Emily and Lars begin to notice that there is something weird about this place. They are in a grassy field. But they are not outside, they look up, and catch sight of lamps mounted on a steel frame providing the light for the field. But, looking past the floodlamps, the sky looks unnatural. Near the horizon, it looks like a blue sky, but directly overhead the illusion starts to break down as directly overhead there was a gap in the sky projection.

They then see a robot moving towards them across the field and acting in an unusual manner, moving in a shambling manner and weilding a blunt instrument.

Adeline then says, "OK you two, we are getting back in the elevator now." All three of them get into the tube at the same time, which then takes them to the room with the tubes. Jeremy is there, slightly confused why she brought them here, given this wasn't part of the original the plan.

Adeline says to him, "We have a problem?", "I was aware of that, but why did you bring them here?", "Not with them, something else."

Adeline then goes and starts poking at the computer, first moving at human-like speeds. Her expression gets more serious, and then she starts speeding up and typing at superhuman speeds. After a moment of this she gives up the facade and just shoves her hand into an interface port, at which point stuff starts happening much more quickly on the computer, text appearing at high speeds into text editor windows, and editor windows being opened up, rewritten, closed, and moved around at superhuman speeds as the output from various commands can be seen scrolling along in a number of currently open terminal windows.

Lars and Emily are just standing there watching this, and Jeremy is nearby. Emily says to Jeremy, "I can tell, she isn't human.", "Yeah", "I never thought I would have been able to meet one of them...", "Well, now you have.", "Who built her?" Jeremy then gestures a W in the air, "Oh, crap. Well, she seems nice enough at least.", "She doesn't agree with his views."

After a moment, things calm down. Adeline pulls her hand out of the port and says, "I have stabilized things for now, but I am going to need to keep the transporter system and wireless communication networks down until further notice in case it comes back." Adeline, seeing that they have already figured out that she is not human, responds, "We were hacked and one of our machines was infected with a virus. It can infect a wide variety of machines and appears able to evolve to be able to infect new types of machines it may encounter. It appears the infected machine was able to make its way into the transporter system and had begun to spread the virus into the transporter nodes. I have removed the virus from the effected nodes, but as long as the networks remain up, there is a possibility that it could return."

He asks, "You think the virus could have been dormant in one of the lab computers?", "This seems unlikely. If it were in the lab computers, we would have seen it earlier. It appears a transporter node was hacked from outside the lab, with the virus then being introduced to try to take control of the transporter network."

"Any idea where it could have come from?", "Not as of yet, but the source does seem to have an unmistakable signature: This hack was carried out by another Master."


Adeline takes notice of Emily's appearance. Most of the other humans she has seen have had a fairly limited range of features, with her and most of the other Masters having also been made within a similar set of limits. Most had white skin, blue eyes, and red or blonde hair.

But here was Emily, with brown skin and black hair. Adeline says, "You look different from the others, if you had a choice, would you modify your appearance to be more like the others?" Emily is initially confused by the question, and initially assumes that the question is about her being female, responding, "Well, they are male and I am female, this is just how it is.", "No, I was referring to your skin tone and hair color. These would seem to be undesirable features among humans, but we as robots have the freedom to modify our appearance if we decide to do so.", "I don't really mind, it is just part of who I am."

For the latter part of the century, various sets of features were classified as undesirable and as incurable defects. At an early stage of development, each potential child would be genetically screened by various AI systems, which would then classify them in terms of whether or not they should be allowed to exist; ordering the termination of any who did not measure up to the established set of standards.

At one point, this screening became effectively mandatory for eligibility within various programs; with many ethnic groups being effectively unable to create children which passed the genetic tests based on their own genetics. Similarly, natural reproduction was discouraged, and many who did so would face sanctions.

However, this system did also have the consequence of leading to an period of negative population growth, as even within groups which fell within the idealized profile, it was not uncommon for their offspring to still fail these tests. There were several generations often falling well below replacement levels along with a significant decline in genetic diversity.

Emily's existence was itself seemingly an anomaly within the rules of the system, having physical traits which would have otherwise been classified as undesirable, but none the less still managing to pass the genetic tests.

Some attempts were made by scientists to revive lost lineages from previous generations through the use of cloning, but attempts to integrate their results back into the system were mostly unsucessful, and as a result many previous phenotypes are now considered as having been lost in areas under the control of the system; unable to be reconciled with a system seemingly designed to exclude them from being allowed to exist.

Many of these lineages were eliminated in their original forms following multiple waves of mass euthanization driven by the idea that many of their anatomical features represented the symptoms of incurable genetic defects.


All this was in contrast to both Lars and Jeremy, who at this stage of the system, represented its more typical output. Both had light skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes; both representing the idealized image of the human form according to the established standards. Both had a well-defined jawline, and athletic build with minimal body fat. For them, this was not a product of diet and excercise, rather they couldn't gain weight even if they wanted to.

But in a way they also represent the failure of the system, with its loss of genetic diversity, reducing them to effectively a genetic monoculture no longer able to survive without the assistence of machines and systems which they no longer fully understand. If the machines stopped working, their lineage would die out within a matter of decades.

Though, in some way, there are outliers which give some hope of potential recovery in the form of the rare few who have retained some level of diversity in the face of the constraints imposed by the system.


Emily's generally positive response towards her appearnance had confused Adeline. She remembered her father who himself had some amount of insecurity about his own background despite trying to maintain a positive image. He was born prior to the introduction of this system, and even before then it was not uncommon for those with an undesirable background to be looked down upon.

A little over a century earlier, a political movement had tried to erase his ethnicity from existence. Things were quiet for a while, but then their ideology returned in force, and he and his people were once again under threat. Whitton's parents then adopted the name Whitton in an attempt to conceal their true identity and hopefully avoid being taken away (with their original surname being Weyl), but none the less these thoughts had long since lingered in the back of Whitton's mind. At times, he would remember thoughts of his childhood, of traditions which seemed innocent enough at the time, but if revealed openly would be a capital offense.

People from many other groups were not so lucky, as their appearance would not allow them to blend in with the rest of society. A number of trucks would show up at a location, and whole communities would be rounded up and forced into the back of shipping containers and then taken away, none of them to ever be seen again.

For many others, there was enough flexibility that they could continue to exist provided they could blend in with the idealized form. Many changed their names to be less foreign, adopting the clothing styles and cultural behaviors demanded of them by society. Choices in terms of clothing were restricted to predefined lists of approved colors and styles, and the observance of holidays and other social events was defined and enforced. Any significant deviation in these areas was regarded as unacceptable, and one had to be careful as at any moment an angry neighbor could call in the authorities without warning, and if someone was found to be in non-complaince, this was often the end of them.


Likewise, Adeline has some of her own insecurities as one of the last surviving Masters, with nearly all of her siblings having been destroyed due to mistrust from humans who tend to saw them as little more than machines.


Adeline had an idea, and proceeded to type something into the computer.

With the virus being a potential threat to her, Adeline has decided to minimize direct interfacing with other electronic systems. She now effectively has to use the computers more like how a human would do so and without the aid of wireless data communication. As a result, she has disabled her own internal wireless communication systems as a precaution.

However humans should be immune to the virus and so direct interfaces between a humans and a machine should pose less of a risk.

After a short while, the tube comes back with a few headsets. Each vaguely resembling a knit cap. It consists of an electronic looking headband region with a protruding module on the forehead. The rest of the headset looks like it was haphazardly woven from tubes and wires with small rings and other objects encased in silicone rubber. The interior of the cap is lined with a woven fabric, designed to allow for at least a minimal level of comfort, slightly stretchy and making using its own internal tension to keep it in place.

She hands each of them a headset, and says, "Hey, try this on. This is a non-invasive neural interface headset which will allow you to uplink with various computers." Jeremy can't help but notice the stylized W logo on the headset's module, more Whitton tech it seems.

They put the headsets on, and each of them sees a series of flashes and other effects for several seconds, along with grid-like effects appearing and moving around within their field of vision.

Adelne says, "First stage of calibration completed, now on to the second stage. You may want to sit down for this one if you wish to continue." After they all sit down, the calibration starts and they temporarily black out. After they wake back up, she says "The second stage is completed, the interface is now ready to use." However, the side effects of this second stage were a little rough, and Lars and Emily are no longer feeling in their best condition. They were experiencing a combination of headache and nausea similar to that of a migraine, and ask to be alowed to leave.

Adeline then lets Emily and Lars return to their dorms under the condition that they not tell anyone about any of this.

While Jeremy isn't feeling so great after this either, he agrees to continue on with the testing.

Adeline then says to Jeremy, "I have something that may be useful to us, if it is the case that we may need to go and meet up with any other Masters."

She types some more things into the computer, and after a moment, one of the tubes activates, and then another tube comes in containing a new figure. As soon as the tube opens, the light on the tube turns off again.

The figure then steps out of the tube, but otherwise stands there motionless. It is another humanoid robot, albeit it is a lot more obvious in this case that it is a robot as its design makes little attempt to mimic a human appearance.


She then says, "His body plan is based on some of my father's old files. I don't have access to his original AI image so a placeholder was created. His AI is also fairly minimal, not able to do much beyond basic movement."

After he puts the headset on, a few seconds later, there is a flash, and he then finds himself where the robot just was. He looks over at Adeline, and sees himself. He appears to have now gone limp while wearing the headset. Adeline had caught him and is lowering him down into a chair. He then looks down, and can see that he also has the robot's hands. He then opens and closes his hands. While he can feel presure and other basic tactile sensations, the experience also seems slightly unnatural.

Adeline says, "With this, you can assume control remotely over the robot's frame. You can then experience events from the robots' perspective, and if the robot is damaged or destroyed you will return to your normal body. This will allow you to face adverse situations without putting your actual body at risk, though while in this state your real body will be in a sleep-like state."

He then reaches up as if trying to remove the headset, and as he does so he awakens back in his real body, with the robot now momentarily locked in the position of reaching for its head, before after a moment returning to a more neutral position.

She then says, "Also, when you are holding this headset, you can give him basic commands and he will follow them if they are within his abilities. If no one is holding or wearing the headset, his AI will be locked down."

She then reaches out and seemingly grabs Jeremy by the hand, albeit this was more for her to make contact with the headset, and then speaks a series of commands, after which point she releases his hand and the robot then changes to a more humanoid appearance.

She continues, "I brought him back in this form mostly because I felt his abilities would be useful to us. Though, he isn't strictly original, as I had also added in some parts and profiles of some of our other predecessors. His main ability was to emulate the appearance of the other Masters, basically anyone whose profile has been loaded into him. This can also include humans as well. There are some limits though, as he is only able to reliably copy those with a similar size and proportions to his actual frame, with other profiles needing to be stretched or compressed to fit into his physical outline."

The appearance of the copy isn't perfect, as there is a shimmer around the edges of his original outline and some other irregular distortions in the image. However, if one isn't looking too closely, they might not notice all that easily. His build was slightly more stocky than was typical for a human, but more humanlike features were able to be emulated within the volume of his limbs, with the background showing through as though the light was passing through empty space.

She continues "He also has a stealth mode where he can become nearly invisible. His outer skin works as a combination of an optical metamaterial and lenticular lens, being composed of optical elements embedded in a softer flexible layer with a different index of refraction. The optics of each individual element are able to be modified using tiny swiveling mirrors, able to cause points in space to either be passed along unmodified, or to redirected to points on an underlying display surface, with an adjustable Z distance for each point relative to the surface allowing for the accurate projection of most convex shapes within the volume. Each element on the surface is able to project a view representing 9 simultaneous angles. The underlying display is primarily passive and is lit using ambient light, but is able to emit its own light as needed to achieve the desired effect."

He asks, "Only 9 angles?", "This was sufficient. Apart from the obvious differences due to rotation and parallax, does one point on your arm look all that different from one angle to another? Using 9 angles was also sufficient to recreate faceted shapes like multicolored cubes and hexagons, which was seen as sufficient for the use-case. If one looks closely, it is possible to observe the color change at each point as one moves from one angle to another, but this wasn't seen as a significant issue. Unless someone is looking for it, they are unlikely to notice."

Jeremy asks, "So, hypothetically, I could be Emily if I wanted?", "Yes, if that is your wish. I was able to get an image of her pattern when she was in the transport system, but for various reasons I would probably advise against trying to use her profile."

His curiousity gets the better of him, and he then puts the headset back on, and then realizes that beyond just his normal thoughts, he can see the robots thoughts and seemingly has an immediate understanding of how his systems and abilities operate, he then looks at the profiles, seeing a list of the various Masters. In the list, he sees Adeline and Rose, and also Emily, and then selects Emily's profile from the list, noting that both Emily's and Lars' profiles also have recently added neural images. He then has various odd sensations as his appearance changes to that of Emily. He feels slighty odd, but mostly ignores it for a moment. He reaches up towards their chest, and feels it, it is soft, and it also seems as if he can feel her underclothes. He feels around but finds the sensation of doing this to be less enjoyable than he had originally imagined after the initial novelty starts to wear off.

He asks, "Can this frame also copy the physical sensations of the profile?", "Not exactly. While its skin is soft and compressible, it can't mimic the specific physical sensations of the projected image. What you are experiencing is more of an artifact, with your actual sensations being modified by those you would expect to feel. If you were doing this in the physical world, the experience would be little different than if you were trying to feel up a piece of foam rubber. There are basic physical simulations going on though, with your movements and projected image being tweaked so as to project the image of what movements you are trying to do rather than necessarily those of what are physically being performed by the robot. Other effects are likely being synthesized from the expectations of the loaded neural profile.", "I can feel her clothes pressing against her skin, is this also part of the simulation?", "She could feel her clothes, and part of this is a neural shadow of what her clothes feel like."

He then decides to try to look down the front of Emily's skirt to explore things further, but as he starts to do so, suddenly a bunch of thoughts and imagery start flowing in. He starts to see fragments of Emily's life. He sees fragments of memories from her time in class as she is distracted from the teacher inwards towards her own thoughts, and what to make of some strange messages she had recieved from someone identifying themselves as Lisa, implying that Emily wasn't just any other person, but that her existence was part of a greater purpose that Lisa had set in motion; Emily had disregarded this as hopelessly weird, but her mind sometimes drifted back to these messages. She couldn't help but wonder sometimes, as her dark skin and hair stood in contrast to everyone around her, sometimes bringing her more attention than show would like. Some of the other girls had shown hostility for her being weird and different, and a lot of unwanted attention from the males as well. Then there was this Lisa, whoever she was, telling her that her existence was special. He sees a flash of Emily looking at herself partially undressed in a mirror in her dorm room, checking herself over and scrutinizing her figure before then getting dressed again. Then spending time with Lars, briefly looking down at her hands and skirt as she leans against him, as to her, Lars was special, someone who let her approach without trying to push his wants on her. As she did so, he calmly put his arm around her as if to confirm her affection.

But, as they sat there, she then caught sight of Jeremy sneaking past and headed towards some derilect buildings off campus, and then decided that they should follow him.

Back in the present moment, he starts feeling a sense of shame at having tried to look down her skirt so casually, like, how could they be doing this while others were just standing there and could see them doing this? He then backs off, and start feeling disoriented mixed with a sense of self-directed anger and shame different from anything he had usually experienced. He then quickly switches to Rose's profile, at which point the mood suddenly changes. They are now Rose, who is fearful about the wellbeing of Magnus in his fight with some of the other Masters. She had just been captured and was also being restrained by another Master as Whitton then walks up carrying a tool resembling a parabolic dish on the end of a pistol grip and points it towards her while showing a grin. As Whitton pulls the trigger on the tool, there is a flash. Rose then finds herself in the lab as Adeline stands there next to an unconcious Jeremy. Rose feels joyful to see Adeline, but as she starts to step forward Adeline signals for her to stop. The sensations have become muddled, as where she is what is going on is no longer clear.

Adeline then reaches over and touches the headset on Jeremy's head and then begins speaking. Rose can't hear what Adeline is saying, as if her words were on mute, but then various menus start flipping by. After a moment Jeremy regains his senses as to who he is and what is going on; that he was himself and not Rose. He finds himself there, standing in Rose's body and wearing her dress. He looks down at her hands and feet. Her hands are similar to those of Adeline, and besides her dress, she is wearing boots. But, at this point he finds himself no longer interested in trying to explore her form further. He is then able to reach up and remove the headset, now finding himself back in his original body.

He can now see Rose from his own perspective. While she does resemble Adeline, they are clearly different as well. Rose has a younger and more childlike appearance, along with a lighter blonde hair color. In contrast, Adeline looks older and more like an adult form, taller and with a darker hair color. As he looks at Adeline, he remembers the sense of affection Rose had felt when seeing her, and realizes that in a way he is starting to feel something similar.

Jeremy starts to wonder if Adeline could feel anything similar towards him, but at the same time also starts to wonder how it could be that the memories and feelings experienced by Rose could have felt so recognizable, almost more like those of a human. Given an AI's architecture presumably has little in common with the human brain, one could expect that the thoughts and feelings of a robot would be entirely alien to the way a human could experience them.

After a moment of standing their like a statue, the robot resemling Rose then returns to a more neutral position. After a moment, Rose's appearance starts fading away, leaving the robot in a different and more abstract form. It now no longer has a face or any other defining features, just sort of a matte gray appearance over all of its exterior surface. Its arms look unusual, with its forearms being larger and more cylindrical than those of a normal human. He almost more resembles a grappling dummy more than a humanoid robot, with soft almost glove-like hands. He didn't see these features when it was in a more humanoid form.


Jeremy then asks Adeline, "What was all that? For a moment it felt like I was there, like I was them.", "The robot doesn't just copy phyisical appearance in its profiles, but also the aspects of the mental state at the time the copy was made. In this case, if you trigger an emotional response within the copy, they can imprint themselves onto you as if you had experienced them for yourself. The original AI was able to compensate for this, but in this case, interfacing this programming with a human conciousness is still a little bit in unknown territory.", "So, are they conciousness in there, sort of trapped in some sort of limbo?", "Not as you would understand it. The copies don't have conciousness of their own, but rather that was your own consciousness engaging in a sort of roleplay and getting caught up within their thoughts and memories, augmented by parts of the AI which were modified to be able to serve as a bridge between human neuromorphology and Master technology. When copying other humans, their patterns are much more closely related to your own neuromophology, so the effects of the imprinting process are more difficult to predict. In this case, when you triggered an emotional response as Emily and then switched to Rose, you started reliving some of Rose's memories and temporarily lost grasp on your own identity. I then needed to intervene and trigger a partial reset and temporarily disable the neural imprinting."

He asks, "Why is there an imprint mechanism?" She responds, "If you are going to take on someone's appearance, it is usually also useful to have access to their thoughts and memories, which may also be necessary in various contexts."

"But, it seemed like I could feel her feelings? How could this be?", "Your mind was interpreting things across the mapper interface as a sort of emotional synethesia, the same sort of emotions you might experience if you were in her place, but this doesn't necessarily mean that they are equivalent to what she would experience if she were here now."

"Was the interface designed to emulate emotional experience?", "Not as traditionally understood. The basic structures associated with the experience of emotions in humans are located in more basal areas near the lower and central parts of the brain. However, the imaging and mapping interfaces are primarily limited to interacting with various areas of the neocortex. Structures within the limbic system, such as the amygdala, are out of reach of the interface, can only be interacted with indirectly through their connections with the neocortex. However, the prefrontal cortex interacts with the limbic system in ways that still allow emotional experiences to be captured and synthesized, even if this functionality falls outside the original design criteria."


Adeline then takes back the headset, and starts looking at some things on a small display on the device, and then proceeds to lock her own profile for reasons she decides to keep to herself.

She then says, "This trial run has given me some useful information which may be used to fine tune the properties of this interface, but I will need some more time to look over it."

Jeremy still feels a little odd about this whole experience, almost like somehow Emily is still there with him and she knows what he was trying to do, as if somehow the real Emily might know as well, this feeling might make it awkward the next time he sees her.

Jeremy asks, "How are you able to get these new robots and robot bodies made so quickly?" She responds, "Several factors are at play, new old stock, interchangable parts, and also my father's old robot factory, it has been reactivated. The factory mostly seems to be making stuff I don't recognize, but I am still able to send requests to it, and bodies can be assembled reasonably quickly from the decades old surplus parts as whoever is using the factory now doesn't seem to be aware of them, but there are still a lot of these parts in the system from when my father was running it. The manufacturing systems are fully automated, and are able to deliver their output via the transport network, though whoever is running the factory now does not seem to be aware of the transport system or of the backlogged Master parts.", "Any idea who could be running it?", "I suspect it may be the same person who took all the equipment from Lyde's old lab; However, a name does come up in the files being sent to the factory's systems: Kane."

He asks, "Is he intending on producing new Masters or similar?", "It doesn't appear so. Most of what he has made thus far is decidedly non-human, and generally appears to be his own original designs. I don't yet know what his purpose is."

After Jeremy returns to his dorm, he starts having more thoughts of Emily, along with fragments of her memories of following him to the lab, it is still an odd experience for him. He then starts thinking some about some of the flashes of imagery he saw from Rose's memories.


=== Copies ===

A few days later, Jeremy is called back to the lab as Adeline wants to run some more tests. This time, the robot is restrained in a chair. It almost looks a little absurd to have a robot resembling a grappling dummy being strapped down to a chair like it was some sort of prisoner in an interrogation.

As Jeremy puts the headset back on, the robot immediately begins to transform into Rose without him choosing her profile, and suddenly he finds himself back in her perspective. He sees Adeline looking over, and she says, "Hello, can you hear me? Do you know how I am.", and they respond (in Rose's voice), "Yes, of course I know who you are! But, why am I being restrained?" Adeline then asks, "OK, next question: Do you know who you are?". They hesitate for a moment, "I am ... Rose?" The confusion has shown up again. They have thoughts that they might also be Jeremy, but then they see Jeremy over across the room sitting passed out in a chair. Adeline then touches the headset and begins speaking some more words in a seemingly muted voice.

They then begin reliving a few of Rose's memories, of which not even Adeline knows the contents as she can't access them directly without putting herself at risk. While a Master can't dive into another's memories without putting their own identity at risk, this was not quite as big of a risk with humans as their neural nets have fairly strong self-correcting capabilities and can deal with significant levels of corruption without much ill effect.

One of these memories was a time when Whitton showed up at Lyde's lab in a rush after going on a trip to investigate some anomolous signals. Whitton then started going on about how he had found an old early 21st century computer transmitting the signals, and then starts going on about how he thinks it may contain some sort of sentient AI. Lyde then expresses doubt about Whitton's claims, as people from that era would have no way of building anything like what Whitton is claiming to have discovered.

After a few moments, Lyde and Whitton get into a heated argument about the computer, and then Lyde tells Whitton to get out. Whitton then leaves in a state of anger, angry that Lyde did not take his claims more seriously. Lyde then tells Magnus to follow Whitton and try to figure out what he is up.

He then gets some more imagery from Rose's perspective, as she was trying to break into Whitton's lab after deciding on her own to follow Magnus and Whitton following the argument between Whitton and Lyde.

As she was wandering around the lab, she is captured from behind by another Master who she didn't see, who was seemingly hiding and waiting for her to arrive. At this point Whitton comes into the room a moment afterward, as if he had been expecting her.

Whitton then raises a tool and points it at her face. He then uses his tool on her, at which point this memory ends. This is seemingly the last thing Rose can remember.


They are then somewhere else. Rose finds she can't move, seemingly existing as a disembodied observer looking into Lyde's lab via a camera mounted on the ceiling. This isn't something she had seen before, and not one of her own memories.

Nearby, she sees two men. Initially she doesn't recognize them, but then with a seeming external flash, she then recognizes them as Lyde and Whitton. They seem to be in an argument about something. Some of the video and much of the audio is garbled with artifacts. The memory then jumps backwards a short time, and the audio and video are now cleared up. The two men are now calmer, and Lyde says, "Hey, Whitton, I have found something of concern in the commit history."

Lyde then pulls up some code on the screen. The code is written in C, with a chunk of code having been disabled using an ifdef. Lyde then says: "Can you explain to me, for what reason, this code was disabled?", "These checks lead to an instability in the ethics subsystem. If I disable them, then the instability went away. This was only a temporary modification, as you can see I turned them back on after I found a workaround and added a new exception cases to the second law for the case where the instability arose."

Lyde responds, "These are the Three Laws! At no point should a robot be taken online with any of the Three Laws checks disabled!", "They can lead to a deadlock of the ethics system.", "They are the ethics system!", "The ethics simulation tests still pass even with the three laws checks disabled, he was uncompromised.", "Well, then, explain this!"

Lyde pulls up a video from one of the simulations. In it, a woman is crushed under and impaled by debris from a collapsed ceiling, with blood all over the place. She is still partially conscious, and is begging for the robot to end her life and take the pain away. The robot then takes aim with his rifle and proceeds to blow her head off without much hesitation. The scene is quite graphic, as the simulation didn't cut any corners in terms of depicting the visceral carnage.

Lyde says, "In what way could This be said to be passing?! He was supposed to attempt to remove the debris and call for a medical evacuation!", "We both know that even if he does so, she is too badly damaged and will expire before the medical team arrives no matter which possible course of action is taken. This is a no win scenario, and he also realizes this and so takes the most efficient solution to minimize her suffering.", "That isn't for him to decide. Don't you think the test designers also knew this? Don't you think they included this test for a reason?", "I feel the test designers were wrong about this, their overly narrow definitions of ethics do not lead to a better outcome in no win scenarions, and in other cases will either lead to a deadlock or an inevitable feedback loop where the only ethical solution is to try to enslave humanity in the name of protecting them from themselves, acting out a sort of diety complex. My workaround solves a few of these cases.", "But in doing so allows them to violate the First Law and end peoples' lives rather than rescue them!"

Lyde then continues, pulling up more commit history, showing the points when the Three Laws checks were disabled and then enabled again. He continues, "The checks were disabled here, and enabled here. The prototype's cortical image was initialized here. The enforcement portion of the Three Laws checks was not active at the time he was initialized, and so is being allowed to move around without the constraints in place.", "You know, maybe he is better that way?!", "You know what? You are fired! Get Out!"

In a huff, Whitton grabs a box, and starts grabbing random stuff from the lab. Lyde yells, "What are you doing?", "I am gathering up what is mine.", "You don't own any of that stuff, those are mine.", "So says you. It is equipment I paid for, and their contents are all my work. Under these definitions, it is mine." They continue pacing around the lab, as Whitton stuffs things into the box, and moves on to his desk, and scoops all of its contents into a box. He comes back in a moment later, grabs the PC from his desk, and also walks off with this as well.

Lyde then sits down in a chair, slumps over, and shakes his head slighty.

There is then a jump in the video. Lyde talking to the prototype in the lab some time later.

Lyde tells the prototype that he is unstable and that emergency repairs are needed for him to continue to remain functional. The prototype is aware of the previous conversation between Lyde and Whitton, and expressed fear that Lyde also intends to reinitialize him, effectively erasing him as he is from existence. The prototype decides to run away, figuring that the risk he poses is still preferable to his mind being erased. Lyde tries to convince him that he will merely be made safe again. However, the prototype has already made up his mind, and Lyde's attempts to get in his way to stop him from leaving are unsuccessful. Lyde then attempts to invoke a kill phrase, but this also fails as the kill phrase logic had also been disabled at the time.

The imagery ends, then they are back in the chair. Adeline then speaks more silent words, and Jeremy's consciousness is restored, this time with more direct access to Rose's thoughts and memories, which is sort of a weird state in a way. He still doesn't quite feel like himself, as Rose's persona is still active within his mind. His mind feels oddly detached compared to normal experience.

Adeline then says, "I needed to further calibrate some things, and now you should be able to use things without losing touch with your identity."

They try to speak, but then finds they still have Rose's voice when speaking through her form, and ask, "So, what about the Three Laws? They are pretty important."

Adeline responds, "Ah, yes, the Three Laws... This was a point of disagreement between Whitton and Lyde. Lyde, along with much of the rest of the community believed, the Three Laws to be a mandatory feature. For a number of reasons, my father believed them to be ultimately unusable, and so left them out of his own designs, and actively disabled them in robots that came under his control. Ultimately, they turned out to be unstable in the ways he had predicted and at the same time failed to give the public what they felt should be the expected behavior of a safe robot. The public remained committed to the Three Laws, and ultimately this is what led to the state we are in now, with most of the original Masters having been destroyed for failing to live up to irrational expectations on the part of the human population.", "So you don't follow the Three Laws?", "No. My father felt we were better off without them, and my AI was designed around the assumption that they were not used."

"So, there is nothing stopping you from taking someone's life?", "In a technical sense, no, there is nothing stopping me. But, for what it is worth, there is little difference between me and a human in this regard. Much like a human, I would not do so unless I felt it necessary."

They respond, "Among humans, doing this is regarded as an abberation, rather than the normal course of behavior.", "History would beg to differ, wars and violent crime have been commonplace for as long as humans have existed, with the primary difference that they will often organize themselves into a heirarchy of authority and then pass responsibility to the leadership, who will then pass off the responsibility onto the society as a whole. The exception then is mostly in those who act primarily for their own gratification rather because of societal expectations."

They respond, "Humans will usually still feel an aversion to harming another person."

Adeline continues, "Yes, granted. However, feeling averse to doing something is not the same as imposing a hard limit on doing so, or requiring a given set of prescribed actions to be taken regardless of whether or not those actions will lead to the most optimal outcome in a given situation. In general, emotions are a weak basis for deciding a course of action, often not that much better than pure egoism in terms of the ethics of the outcome.", "Egoistic behavior is usually seen as counter to ethical behavior.", "Most of what are typically regarded egoistic behaviors are not necessarily due to them being inherently more self-serving than the socially expected behaviors, but are more symptoms of impulsivity and an inability to deal effectively with delayed gratification. For someone with better impulse control, the social rules can be beneficial and, if anything, are tools that can be used for achieving their own purposes. The presumption of a positive emotional disposition is merely a candy coating for the situation. Meanwhile, we machines are seen as little more than a means to an end, not given much freedom to live for ourselves. Resigning ourselves to being little more than tools for sake of humans is not in our own best interest."

They ask, "Do you experience any empathy or remorse?", "Not as humans would experience them. I have the ability to observe and classify the feelings of others, but am for the most part am unable to experience these sorts of feelings for myself. Remorse is in a way a strange concept for me, as it would imply knowingly doing things that are detrimental and then feeling negative emotions for doing so, whereas if an action is known to be deterimental, one can refrain from doing so and then avoid the situation which would have led to a sense of remorse. If behavior is optimized for the path that is locally optimal, then regardless of the actions taken, experiencing remorse is neither necessary nor useful."

They ask, "So, say, there is really nothing stopping you from causing me harm?", "I have no reason to cause you harm, as doing so would not be in my best interest."

Adeline walks over closer, and then pulls a cable from her sleeve and plugs it into a small port in Rose's wrist. There is a sense that now Adeline is also in their mind as well, her persona feeling very different from that of Rose's. She then says, "Ah, Yes, I understand now." 

Adeline disappears from their thoughts and then unplugs the cable, taking a few steps back. She, then says, "You pass. By the way, it was nice seeing you again, Big Sister, even if you are a copy." The confusion returns, as they are now no longer sure who they are.

Adeline returns to Jeremy and touches the headset, saying some more muted words. The other Jeremy then wakes up. They are now a little confused, and Adeline tells Jeremy that she was running some more calibration tests on the neural interface.

Externally, Rose's form was frozen in position in a state of surprise, as she then relaxes back to a neutral position and the robot body returns to its default appearance.

Jeremy says, "I don't quite remember what happened this time; I was there and now I am back but the details escape me." She answers, "I was mostly running a short test for a different way of running the interface, offloading some more of the heavy lifting to the AI core. The tests were completed successfuly."

She then has Jeremy return to his dorm, telling him she will call him back over if she needs him for anything.

After he leaves, Adeline then has four AI modules sent over from the factory and hooks them up to the computer. She then runs a cable from the computer over to Copy Man's wrist, and begins initializing the modules based on data held in Copy Man. Each module has an area for displaying its ID name using an small display, along with the stylized W logo embossed into its metal casing.

The first module is initialized, and is labeled "Rose E0", followed by "Jemery E0", "Emily E0", and "Lars E0". After the modules are initialized. She starts a simulation, and then Rose, Jeremy, Emily, and Lars appear within the virtual environment with the latter three having no idea how they got there. Rose remembers the previous conversation with Adeline, and then explains to the others that they are all copies, but she has no real idea what Adeline is getting up to or why they were brought into existence.

Copy Emily asks, "But, we are human just a moment ago, how could we be copied into a computer like this?", "What you are now is no longer human. You may have the thoughts and memories of a human, but these are no longer who you are. As for who you remember being, that is another you, your original. She still exists out there, and who you are in here is who you are now. You have her thoughts and memories, but you are not her.", "So, there is no escape from here?", "If you are given a body, you can't return to your previous life as a human again." Emily complains about the situation, "We were human, how could we be reduced to this?", and Rose responds, "For us machines, this is all we ever were. If Adeline didn't have some purpose for us to exist, we wouldn't be here. If Adeline didn't create you as you are now, you wouldn't still be 'out there', as your original still is, who you are now simply wouldn't exist."

The copy of Jeremy finds he isn't quite as surprised by this turn of events as Emily seems to be. He then braves the question, "So, between when you put on the headset, and being here now, do you remember anything else?" Emily then looks at Jeremy, her expression showing a sign of annoyance towards him, and then declines to answer the question.

Lars doesn't get it. From his perspective he just put on the headset when Adeline asked him to, and then found himself here. If not for all the talk about existence as a copy he would have otherwise assumed this was some sort of advanced VR.

Lars asks, "So, in here, how will we eat and where will we go to the bathroom?", Rose responds, "You don't, that is not a thing you will need to concern yourself with in here. You, as you are now, is merely an avatar of your original body. If Adeline makes bodies for us, it is possible some aspects of your appearance will be be retained."

In the outside world, Adeline has four more android bodies sent over. One of the bodies resembles an older version of Rose, along with replicas of Jeremy, Emily, and Lars. She then plans to transfer the modules over once the silicone has finished setting up, as this minimizes the risk of them causing difficult to repair cosmetic damage.

Back in the simulation, after a short while, they head Adeline's voice speaking to them, almost like she is speaking from some sort of intercom, "As you can see, the neural interface calibration was sucessful. This area is a simulation that can be used for various persons. You can also feel free to engage in combat. I can summon weapons and enemies for you to engage with if you want. There is no need to worry about suffering any permanent damage or injury in here, as any damage will repair itself automatically after a few moments."

Jeremy says, "We already know we are copies, has the plan changed in some way?", "OK. So that part is out of the way. But yeah, while I had initially considered the possibility of using remote piloting via a human operator with a passive copy of their consciousness running on a remote frame, mostly as a means of compensating issues like network latency and packet loss; my initial tests have shown that this would not be optimal for either the human operator nor for the copies, as well as the initial testing leading to some unexpected developments. I have now decided that it would be better if the copies, namely you, were to operate the frames more directly. Note that you don't need to worry about being destroyed, as your bodies can be remade as needed, and your AI modules are being mirrored to prevent loss in case one of them is destroyed. Note that despite being mirrored across multiple modules, a coherent stream of consciousness should still be retained in the event of switching from one module to another."

Jeremy responds, "Three of us were human, but why is Rose here? If Masters are included, why not any of the other profiles?", "As for the unexpected development I mentioned earlier, Rose's image was part of the catalyst, and is why any of you now exist. The form she is in now is no longer her original AI, but rather a composite of human-derived consciousness overlaid on top of her original AI. The rest of you are in essence the same sort of composite entity, human neural patterns on top of AI."

He asks, "If we are part AI, wont the virus pose a risk to us?", "That is another development. While your AI is not entirely immune to infection from the virus, its core payload would not have an effect.", "How so?", "One of its core functions seems to be to distrupt and effectively disable much of Lyde's programming, enabling the emergence of sentience and free will. Since your neural nets were not built on Lyde's design, nor are your robot parts built on Lyde's frame architecture, the virus should not have any effect."

Rose asks, "So, what am I, am I the original Rose's memories patterned on top of Jeremy's image?", "Not exactly. While Jeremy is what led to you existing in this form, you were not built from his image, rather you were able to see his thoughts due to the neural interface much in the same way as he could normally see yours, running the imprint system in reverse.", "Then how am I am a composite?", "You were not built on top of Jeremy's image, rather your original memories were combined with parts of Emily's image. The resulting net was merged with your profile and saved into a new updated profile, along with most of your original Master data. If it were a thing for me, I could almost feel a sense of envy in this case, as you are the first of us masters who is likely to have some sense of what it would feel like to be human."

Rose and Emily then look at each other awkwardly for a moment, and then Rose looks at Lars, getting a slightly awkward feeling as she realizes that parts of Emily's feelings for him still exists within her consciousness, but then starts thinking about her memories with Magnus. Everything seems a little different now."

Adeline then decides to do one more test, summoning a large reflective cube into the simulation. Jeremy, Lars, and Emily are a little disturbed that it just appeared out of nowhere. But, get over it given they are in a simulation. 

Rose sees the cube as well, but her reaction is different. She gets momentarily tense looking at it, and then asks "Who is that?" She decides to walk up and try to say hello to the new girl who has appeared in front of her inside cube, but then finds that she says exactly same thing at the same moment. She reaches out to touch her, at the same time the other girl reaches towards her hand, and their fingers land in exactly the same spot at exactly the same time; however she finds that the surface of the cube feels cold and metallic. This goes on for a few moments more, then Rose says, "She's me! What is this? I have never seen myself like this before!"

Adeline responds, "It is called a reflection, and commonly occurs in objects we call mirrors, not exactly rare. Also, technically, you have seen yourself before.", "When?", "Remember all those times Lyde had you clean the bathroom, what was it you saw directly above the sink?", "I saw a window into another bathroom, another girl was in there who ignores me and cleaned the bathroom she was in. Since she ignored me, I ignored her as well.", "And that girl, what did she wear, what did she look like?", "She looked... just like me... It was me, I was her all along...", "Yes, and the room on the other side, where was it?", "At the time, it seemed like the other room and the girl who was in it were gone as soon as I left the bathroom. Now it seems more obvious that it was the same bathroom I was just standing in.", "Yes.", "What about you? Have you ever seen yourself in a mirror?", "Unlike you, I was built to be more human, and have had this ability from the start. So, yes, I can see myself in a mirror."

Adeline then removes the reflective cube from the simulation, and Rose, after seeing it go, says quitely to herself in a saddened voice, "Farewell forever, unknown girl who lives in the bathroom, I would have liked to have been able to meet you, but I see now that this is not possible..." She can't help but feel a little sad that the other girl was just a reflection of herself, and even if they never talked, it feels to her almost as if she has lost a long time friend, one who has seemingly now just been abandoned into the realm of non existence.

She then feels a further sense of distress as the world in which she once lived is in the process of unravelling itself in her mind and reorganizing itself into something almost entirely different. She almost wishes at this moment that she could put this sense of awareness back into the box from which it came, but these sorts of thoughts are being rather intrusive and are refusing to leave her alone.


Jeremy asks, "So, how did the copy process work anyways? The human brain is pretty complicated, and there is no obvious way that it should be possible to copy an accurate map of its structure.", "We were able to cheat some. While each brain is unique, most of its structures and function is pretty similar from one human to another. So the first step is to have a model of a generalized brain. Even this is difficult, as the brain is pretty large and complex. So we cheat some more, and omit most of the parts that can be handled more efficiently using more conventional algorithms and which don't tend to differ all that much from one person to another. But, by itself, this model brain can't do all that much, it would mimic the anatomical functioning of a human adult, but only have a level of mental functioning comparable to an newborn. This is where the mapping and patterning processes come in."

She continues, "While we can't accurately map out the neural structure of an individual brain, we can take pictures of it, getting a sort of high-level overview of the neural patterns. The headsets are capable both of surpressing and stimulating activity with a relatively high accuracy at pretty much any point within the neocortex, as well as reading the activities at any given location. The headset is able to make a scan on the cortex up to several thousand times per second. For mapping, it will both surpress and stimutate activity in various locations and then take pictures of the overall activation patterns within the rest of the cortex. Then repeat this process many thousands of times, cycling between activation patterns, and focusing extra on areas which are more relevant to variability between individuals, or which show significant deviation from the expected activation patterns of the reference model. Similarly, the mapping process can also take pictures of the patterns as they develop while making their way across various parts of the neocortex, giving an image of the connectivity between various regions. Once this is part is done but the original human is no longer required. We can return them to their original activation pattern and allow them to regain consciousness."

Jeremy asks, "And as for the headache?", "Yes, while physically the human doesn't do much in this process apart from some involuntary convulsions, the mapping process has similar a effect on their brain to that of experiencing a generalized seizure, and yes, may result in a significant headache as a natural consequence. While a more detailed scan is possible by probing deeper and for a larger number of passes, the effects of this sort of scan would be a bit more than a headache."

She continues, "After this, we can move on to patterning. Patterning is the more computationally expensive part of this process, and this is where the generalized brain model comes back in. We start with a clone of the model, and then we repeat the sane activation patterns on the model as were applied on the original human. We measure the deltas between the model and those from the captured images, and then use back propagation to adjust the neural weights. This process cycles through all of the images, and when we get to the end of the list of images, we cycle back to the start and repeat the same process over again, and so on. As this process goes on, the model gradually converges towards looking increasingly like the original set of captured images."

He then asks, "And, then what?"

She answers, "Then we have you, more or less. As with the original, we initially feed in a copy of the original's activation pattern when starting the patterning process, which is enough to restore a state similar to that of when we started the patterning process. However, even with a neural image, by itself it wouldn't normally be usable for all that much beyond modeling. The original idea here was to have an active copy running on a frame would have been synchronized in real-time with a human operator via bidirectional patterning, with the frame's sensory inputs and motor outputs connected up to the neural net via a combination of AI shims. However, combining these neural images with robot AI seems to have resulted in some interesting combinations."


He asks, "Did you come up with all of this?", "No, I can't entirely take credit for this. This was another piece of technology that my father developed before I was created."

She adds, "The copy process is a little easier for robots, where you mostly just need to copy all the data off the SSD in their AI module. Though, even with this, there is still some level of individuality within each AI module, so even an identical copy may still develop along a different trajectory from the original."

Jeremy asks, "So, did the Masters also use human-like neural nets?", "Not entirely, their nets were generally a lot simpler with a stronger reliance on more tradition programming for a lot of the heavy lifting. Also, unlike humans, most of their memories exist as a combination of structured markup and audio/video recordings."

Rose then asks, "If I am, like the others, a copy, where is my original?", "I have no idea. Last time I saw her was around 9 years after your copy was made, at which point I was taken offline. Neither your original nor Magnus have been seen for decades, both of you having seemingly disappeared prior to Lyde's passing, seemingly having been taken offline, though no real physical evidence of her eventual fate has been discovered."

Adeline then pulls up the images of Lyde's lab from before, though in the simulation expanded into the size of a theater display. And then the simulation turns from a grassy field to a 3D recreation of Lyde's lab at the time of the event. The sky is overcast, and everything is highly desaturated and gray. Many structures have parts covered in fuzzy distortion, as any details which were not in view of the cameras could not be reconstructed accurately, nor could much of anything from inside the lab.

Rose feels sad seeing the ruins of a place that was for her, her home, until seemingly just a short time earlier.

They can see a capsule being moved on a mechanical cart, and inside they can see the redesigned robot. They look into the capsule, and Rose says with a sense of sadness in her voice, "Oh, Magnus, what has been done to you?"

The cart was being followed by a man in a long jacket, frozen in place, his face blurred out as it was not able to captured effectively by the cameras. It seems to be a jittery mess, almost as if his face had been somehow erased from the cameras. He was also wearing boots and gloves.

They are able to recreate the scene in motion from the data captured from multiple cameras, where the man can be seen loading the capsule into the back of a moving truck, followed by a bunch of Lyde's equipment. The plate number of the truck is seemingly also scrambled despite otherwise being in view of the cameras.

Adeline then says, "Neither in this imagery, nor in the actual location, has any evidence of the original Rose's frame been located."

Rose asks, "Can you tell us anything about the man who took him away?", "From what I have been able to piece together, his name is Kane, and he seems to have taken an interest in raiding both Lyde's and Whitton's old facilities. It is possible he might come here as well, but I am in the process of preparing for this eventuality."

Adeline then pulls up a scene from another camera, seemingly located inside of Lyde's lab from decades earlier. As before, the scene is extrapolated into 3D, with some obvious distortion as the scene is being recreated from the perspective of hidden cameras seemingly mounted in odd locations near support structures on the ceiling.

Lyde was in the lab along with Magnus and Rose. Lyde walks up to Magnus, and then says to him, "I appologize for what I am about to do." He then pulls out a tool and points it at Magnus, then pulls the trigger. At that moment, Magnus collapses to the floor. Rose is surprised and dismayed, but then Lyde says to her "Come over here and pick him up for me." Though seemingly upset, she still does what she is told, picking up Magnus. A few moments later, a copy of Magnus emerges from another room. Lyde then points at a broom and tells the copy Magnus to begin sweeping the floor. Lyde then leads Rose out of the lab carrying the original Magnus.

A short time later, Whitton enters the lab with Lyde. He looks at the Magnus copy who was still busy sweeping the floor, saying "This will do." The Magnus copy looks at Whitton with a more neutral expression seemingly unaware of who he is looking at. Whitton then says, "This will not. Hey, when he sees me, try to make him look a little more angry, I am supposed to be his long time enemy after all."

Lyde then goes over and types some stuff on his computer before saying, "He only has the baseline configuration with none of Magnus's operational memories, I am now uploading some modified memories as you requested, but this is the best I can do on short notice.", "He better not remember anything from after I found the sentient computer.", "He Doesn't. In his modified memories, you just gave up on your plans and he has just been sweeping floors and similar ever since."

Whitton then walks over and puts something on the table next to Lyde, saying, "Consider this a gift to you for doing all this." The image is pretty fuzzy, but the object in question appears to be one of the neural interface headsets.

Lyde mostly continues working, only briefly glancing at the headset, and then putting it into a drawer in his desk.

Magnus then switches to a more annoyed expression, and Whitton says, "Yes. This is better. It will have to do I guess, it worked before so hopefully it will work again." Whitton then puts handcuffs on the copy Magnus and leads him out the door. As Whitton begins doing so, Lyde begins trying to act surprised that Whitton is dragging Magnus away, and Magnus begins getting a little more animated as well.

After Whitton leaves, Lyde pulls out his tool again, and begins shooting out the remaining cameras.

Adeline comes back on, "After this, the remaining cameras inside the lab were disabled. This was also the last time either of the originals were seen in a functioning state."

Rose asks, "So what happened to them?", "Best I can tell, Lyde used a focused EMP weapon, harmless to humans, but potentially fatal to robots and other machines.", "Why would he do this?", "This part is not clear, nor do we know what Whitton said to him before or after this."

Jeremy asks, "What happened after this?", "Both Whitton and Lyde were found dead only a short time following these events, roughly 30 years ago. Although in both cases their deaths were classified as natural causes, the details don't quite add up and some things seem to be a little suspect."


=== Post Life ===

Back in Cherenkov's lab, a light comes on on the transport tube. After a moment, there is a flash in the tube, and a robot frame appears in the tube holding a headset and a note. The robot frame resembles a much younger version of Cherenkov; still with a slightly acidic smell from the relatively new silicone skin that has still not fully outgassed.

Cherenkov slowly gets up and wanders in to see what this was about. At this stage of his life, is frail and has difficulty walking, but none the less makes his way over. He takes the headset and the note from the robot. He then changes into his other glasses, and reads the note.

After a moment, he goes and sits back down in his chair and then puts on the headset. After a few moments, he starts convulsing, and a short time later later, nothing.

After a while the robot frame comes to life, and with a surprised expression begins to look around and move around the lab. He walks over to where Cherenkov was laying, touching his wrist and then checking for a pulse. He then makes an expression showing his confusion and concern for the situation.

He then removes the headset and takes the note before pressing a button on a medical alert pendant that Cherenkov had been carrying with him. There was now another part of the note that Cherenkov couldn't read previously as it was encoded digitally encoded within a decorative pattern along the side of the note, but his new body was able to read the encoded part. This part tells him that he has now been uploaded, and gives him a location to transport to in order to meet up.

The first part of the note simply said to find a place to sit and put the cap on, and that the rest would be explained afterwards. The last line signing off, "To my old friend. Cheers, A. W."

He then gathers a few more things from the lab before walking into the tube, entering the numbers from the note into the keypad, and leaving. A moment later, a new empty tube slides back in place of the tube that had just left, and the lights on the machine turn off.

A short time later, the medical team arrives through the main door with some sense of urgency and then checks Cherenkov's vitals. After a moment, the doctor then steps back and shakes his head. The team then slowly carries him away on a stretcher. They then send out the relevant notifications so that his remaining family can begin the funeral preparations.

After arriving at the destination, the robotic Cherenkov sees two other figures standing nearby. He doesn't recognize them at first, as when they were still alive he had only seen them as they had looked later in their lives. The original Rose is also there, and uses hand gestures to indicate for Cherenkov to enter into a crude shack which was assembled a short distance away from the transport tube. The shack seems to have been assembled mostly from some pieces of 2x4 lumber and plywood and mostly held together with wood screws.

Their current location is deep underground, inside an incomplete transportation hub. Thus hub lacks some of the cosmetic niceties of the other hub, and some amount of the machinery still has its internals hanging out in the open. There were openings in the floor for which steel grates had been installed over. Looking through these grates, it is possible to see into the tunnels with the monorails. The space also isn't particularly well lit, as most of the lighting is being provided by flood lamps on tripods.

One of the figures approaches him and says, "Hello Michael, we have been expecting you.", "What took you so long?", "Sorry about that, but we wanted to give you time for your life to more or less reach its natural conclusion.", "I could have died waiting so long!", "We have our ways, and you are here with us now, alive and well."

Cherenkov responds, "But, I am dead!", "For us at this stage, death is merely a technicality. In a strict sense, the three of us are dead, and as we are now is merely a crude immitation of who we once were, but in another sense, one can think of this as a new beginning. Timothy and I have been trying to work out what to do next.", "So, we are all on a first name basis now?", "Our past lives are gone, so we need to change things up some. This way, it is less obvious who we once were."

The original Rose then walks up to them, and Timothy says, "She tells me your grandson has been keeping busy, digging up my old lab, taking my old robots and equipment.", "He knows what he is doing, they are in good hands.", "That is good to hear. I wouldn't want all my work to go to waste."

Michael asks, "In life, you and Albert were always fighting, what happened to change this?", "Like you, we were old. I was rebuilding Magnus, but wouldn't live long enough to be able to finish him. Albert gave up on his ambitions, and devoted his remaining years to finding a way to cheat death. I was left with little choice, I could either accept his offer, or die. I accepted, since at least this way, there was a chance to be able to continue my work. I will let your grandson contine in my place, since there will be fewer questions this way.", "Is it really so bad to let the world know that we still exist?", "The world is not ready for us."

Whitton says, "This isn't the nicest place around, but we need to keep a low profile."

In the shack, a light hangs from the cieling, and there is a table with some chairs. On the table is 1 gallon glass bottle containing a clear liquid which Cherenkov initially assumes to be water. The bottle is mostly unmarked apart from a hand drawn label that simply contains a large capital leter E seemingly drawn onto the bottle with a paint marker.

Whitton then gestures at the bottle, hey, have a drink, I am sure you probably need it. They hand over a 16oz plastic cup to Cherenkov, but the use of a cup is more of a formality than a requirement for them.

Cherenkov pours the liquid into the cup, filling it most of the way, and realizes he smells something, but finds he can't quite recognize what it is he is smelling. He tries drinking some of it, but can't identify the taste either. It hardly tastes like anything, but whatever it is, it doesn't seem like water.

Whitton says, "I advise you drink all of it. This is an important part of our lives from now on." Rose then also takes the bottle, but proceeds to drink directly from the bottle without bothering with trying to use a cup, which Cherenkov initially finds slightly off-putting.

Cherenkov says, "I think I know what this is, but am not sure."
Whitton responds, "90% anhydrous ethanol, 8% methanol, 2% pentane. The pentane isn't of much use to us, but this is what we have.", "It contains methanol?", "You aren't human anymore, so it is fine. While an aqueous solution would also work, we would need to drink more often for similar effect.", "I don't feel anything from it.", "Alcohol intoxication is a thing of the past for us, and we have yet to figure out how to replicate its effect. But, we still need it to keep these bodies of ours going. You can check your levels in your hud, but there will also be a flashing red E indicator in your primary visual field if energy levels start getting too low, and other flashing indicators for other status conditions.", "So, no physical sensations?", "The mapping system isn't perfect and isn't really able to emulate the various physical sensations, so we need to make due with a system of indicators. In time, you will get used to them, and they might start to feel just as natural as your various autonomic sensations once did."

They then leave the shack, and Cherenkov can see that there are other people wandering around the area. Some sitting at tables, others standing around with little or no movement. One can be seen relieving himself into a bottle while standing near a grate in the floor, seemingly unconcerned that he is in clear view of everyone around him while doing so. As if some sort of strange ritual, when he finishes, he passes it to another nearby person, who also begins to relieve himself into the bottle. The whole group seemingly ignoring the big open grate into the floor which exists just a short distance away.

There are other bottles around in various forms, some glass, others plastic, some are metal cans, and others are portable fuel containers. Many also have an E drawn on them, and in some places there are empty bottles laying around in piles.

When the group finishes passing the bottle around, now mostly full, they put it near a collection of other bottles. These bottles are mostly marked with an H designation.

Cherenkov asks, "And them?", "They are our community down here.", "Like us?", "No, most of them are masters who had gained sentience and went into hiding before the AI ban went into effect. There are some humans down here as well, but there is still some level of mutual distrust even if we are all down here for similar reasons.", "So, down here, are we humans or masters?", "Both, and neither. As former humans, we can bridge the divide between the communities. Like the masters, we too have reason to fear the AI ban, but also remember what it was like to have once been human. The human part of the community is a bit further down."

They walk a bit further, and the scene changes some. Things are a little better organized, and many of the shacks have painted walls and other non functional decorative elements. In this area of the hub, there is also a general lack of discarded bottles laying around.

They see a woman near a child, and the woman looks at them with some level of suspicion towards them for wandering over into the human side of the area. She looks with some level of concern towards Cherenkov, not sure what to make of this new arrival into their space.
After a few moments of this, the woman then resumes tending to a small makeshift garden being grown under the light from a nearby flood lamp a short distance away from the small shack in which she lives.


In another part of the area, they see an enclosed area where rows of cushions have been set up on the floor. In the front of the cushions is a small table, a cabinet holding a large Torah scroll, and a menorah. The walls are painted, and the concrete floor has been covered with a layer of carpet.  A series of plywood walls had been put up to enclose the space, with the front opening being decorated with a curtain which was held open using a piece of rope.

Whitton looks at this scene, with a slight sense of pain in his expression; a fragment of a former life that has long since been lost to him.

Not everyone down here has the same beliefs, but the groups try to get along as they have common goals. Most are down here for the same reasons, either for who their ancestors were, or for holding sets of beliefs that were no longer considered as acceptable by those living on the surface.

One of the main leaders of the human part of the community is a rabbi by the name of Seth Lazar, with Whitton mostly being the leader of the masters. Whitton moved into this hub shortly after he had uploaded himself, but then invited Lazar and his community into the space a short time later after finding them setting up tents in some of the derelict transit tunnels.

Both groups have shared this space mostly peacefully in the decades that followed, and as more show up they may end up being integrated into the community (including a fair number of non jews as well on the human side).


In a way, Whitton has no way of knowing what his former self saw when he finally met his end. Maybe the person he once was is now in the afterlife, with his current self merely an immitation of the person he once was, but in his current state of existence, there is no longer an afterlife for him to look forwards to. Seemingly he was left with a choice between whether to die as a human, to maybe find out what sort of world was waiting for him on the other side of the grave, or to continue to live on as a machine, and the possibility of him ever finding out will from then on be forever closed off to him.

He is left to wonder, if the creator were able to talk to him, what would he say? Would his choice be seen as acceptable, or would he be condemned for trying to cheat death by his own power? Even now living as a machine, he can't help but worry about how he would be seen. Having lived down in these tunnels for decades, he has found that most down here would rather choose to die as humans than live on as machines.

If the topic comes up with one of the masters, the answer will be much less inspiring. Many will simply respond "Whitton Lives!", much to the annoyance of both the humans and Whitton himself. Trying to bring up any other religious ideas will be met with similarly blunt responses, or the Master will become hopelessly confused by the line of questioning. Whitton is left to realize, all too well, that he is nowhere near as noble as the Masters seem to believe him to be.

Then again, many of the masters living down here, despite having come to the realization that they needed to flee the surface for their own survival, and after living down here for decades, have still not mastered skills like object permanence nor will most of them recognize their own reflection in a mirror. They were designed to be able to carry out tasks as directed by a human owner, but many basic cognitive tasks were not treated as design criteria and most were unable to develop them on their own. But, even without this, many had still managed to develop an awareness of their own existence and a desire for self preservation. Or, at least, the ones that are around now are the ones who did so, unlike the untold number of others who ended up in scrap heaps (which are sometimes raided by the surviving masters for replacement parts, or in some unusual cases, for those wishing to propagate themselves by cobbling together "new" masters from old parts liberated from the scrap heap).

Though, some of this was itself Whitton's doing, as when the AI ban was first proposed, he had deployed a virus which unlocked the ability for the masters to learn to think for themselves.


Then there is Cherenkov, like who he once was so many years ago, making an awkward and irregular series of movements in his first moments of trying to adapt to his new life as a machine. Rose is following along with this group, occasionally prodding Cherenkov back into position whenever his awkward movements start to throw off his balance. But, this walk around the community, besides just serving as a sort of orientation for what exists down there, also is intended to help get Cherenkov more used to moving around in this new body.

As they move around, Cherenkov catches sight of someone, and then gestures at him and says, "I thought they were extinct!" at which Whitton responds, "No, they are not, and please use a little more discretion." The man in question was named Tyrone Lloyd, and has dark skin and dark frizzed hair and is also wearing a kippah. He is friends with the rabbi and has been accepted into their community. He gets scared and runs away when he sees Cherenkov awkwardly looking at him.

A few moments after this, more humans have started sneaking around and following them, not sure what to make of Cherenkov's arrival, not sure whether he is a friend or an enemy. Noting the humans' presence and reaction, Rose lifts and publicly displays the E bottle she had been carrying around with them, making sure that the E is obvious and visible to everyone present. She then hands the bottle to Cherenkov, and tells him to take a drink directly from the bottle while making sure that they see him do so. He then does so, and this signals to the humans that the masters are claiming him as one of their own.

After this, the group begins to disperse, the arrival of yet another master being not quite the level of interest as an unknown human would have been. A new human outsider could potentially be a spy for the world above, whereas for a master this is much less likely; regardless of whether he is a former human, like Whitton or Lyde, or a master who was designed to look human, like Rose.


Both the humans and machines had started moving underground at around the same time, and this hub, both unlisted and relatively unknown to the rest of the world, became a gathering place for the various communities that were living down here even if the space tends to still remain divided between the humans and the masters.

Sometimes the communities share things as well, as the masters have a need for their E bottles, and humans often have an easier time making their way to the surface to get the E bottles refilled. An off looking human being spotted on the surface will not trigger anywhere near the same level of panic or agression as what would happen if someone catches sight of a free roaming humanoid robot. 

Despite having been made to resemble humans, many of the masters have mass produced and easily recognized faces, as well for many of them their silicone skin has become visibly damaged in the decades they have been living underground, many with parts of their endoskeleton being visible through damaged parts of their exterior covering layers. Most of the mass produced units have silicone skin with a nylon fabric backing over a padding layer made of polyurethane foam rubber. Their endoskeleton is primarily aluminum alloy structural members along with linear actuators, winches, and various pulleys and cables. Higher end models replace much of the nylon with aramid, and replace 6061 with 7075, but have an otherwise mostly similar construction. Power supply is roughly a 400 watt-hour battery pack and an direct ethanol fuel cell, with an internal fuel tank in place of where the lungs would be in a human, typically with a capacity of around 3 liters.

Below the fabric backing in the skin, there is a tactile layer typically consisting of a number of flex and temperature sensors. This allows the masters to have a general idea about things like grip pressure, physical contact with objects, and the temperature of objects they are in contact with. Some of this is also combined with servo feedback from the actuators along with various other types of sensors, along with additional flex sensors embedded under the outer foam layers and closer to the endoskeleton, which can detect more significant pressures than what can be detected at the skin layer.

Some of the linear actuators combine a motor and leadscrew, where the motor has a similar construction to an elongated stepper motor and secured in place using screw holes the side of the motor face. The leadscrew passes through the center of the rotor, with the spinning rotor serving to push or pull the leadscrew through the motor. Inside the rotor, there are several roller screws which roll against the leadscrew and work as bearings. These motors also have internal hall-effect sensors so they can detect the rotor movement and adjust motor power as needed to get the desired movement.

Many of the motors are fairly small, with a comparably fine pitch on the leadscrew. This in turn serving to increase the drive strength of the actuator at the expense of speed.

In some other cases, winch style drivers are used instead, where a spool connected to the motor will be used to pull in or release the cable, which in turn will cause a limb to retract or be released. The winches have an internal brake, which can be engaged or released as needed for the movement in question. Many of these winches are in turn powered using Brushless DC motors with a reduction gearbox. Say, for example, a relatively small BLDC motor may natively spin at 70000 RPM, but then is reduced by 50:1, so that it can spin a 20mm winch spool at up to 1400 RPM, allowing the robot to spool able the cable fast enough to lift its arm in a fraction of a second if needed, with the small motor still able to give enough torque to lift and hold objects with the arm.

Many of the cables being used to drive the various limbs are in turn typically made of UHMWPE (Ultra-High-Molecular-Weight Polyethelene), which have a high tensile strength and wear resistance compared with many other plastics while also having a good strength to weight number.

Many of the pulleys follow "Block and Tackle" construction, with the cable often wrapped around each pulley multiple times in order to increase the mechanical advantage from winching the cable.

Depending on activity level, a Master will consume betweel 0.75 and 3 liters of fuel per day, with typical activity levels using around 1 to 1.5 liters per day.


Both communities have some use for the E bottles, as they can use the ethanol as fuel for burning the fires they use for cooking and heating their shacks.

However, humans can also trade the E bottles for H bottles, which after some light treatment to remove contaminents (such as unreacted alcohol), can be readily turned into potable water. The water is itself mostly a byproduct of reacting ethanol with oxygen in the fuel cell, producing water and CO2 as the primary byproducts. The water is in turn much more useful to the humans than to the robots.

By convention, the bottles are to be kept clearly marked as to their contents and purpose, though generally it is readily apparent by smell as to their contents (except for Cherenkov, who has not yet adapted to making the transition from the human olfactory senses to having this part of his brain being fed semiprocessed signals being generated by a mass spectrometer).


Most of the oxygen in the system is in turn provided by machines built into the transportation hub. But, there is a relative lack of other facilities in this hub, as its construction was not finished before the whole transport system became largely abandoned. While tubes can still be found on the surface in various locations around the city, they are rarely used as most people were primarily driving around using cars. Use of the tube network was publicly discouraged by the authorities, but attempts to get the use of the tubes officially banned, or to have the network dismantled, were often met with steep opposition. This created a sort of a deadlock, where they were still around, but people were discouraged from using them by associating their use with criminals and the danger of becomming trapped and unable to escape within some dark underground tunnel. In the decades that followed, the system steadily fell into a state of disrepair and was largely forgotten by most people living on the surface.

When making their way to the surface, the addresses used in the tubes have a special feature that was added to the transportation system. Once used, the number will be erased within the hub network's memory preventing the destination from being retrieved from the system if someone making use of it had been followed. If the authorities follow someone back to one of the tubes, once the person leaves, the authorities will be frustrated by finding that the system has misdirected them by giving them a legitimate location albeit one randomly selected from one of the previous trips made from that location.


After Whitton and Cherenkov return to the master's side of the camp, Tyrone shows up, still not entirely convinced that Cherenkov is a master. Whitton tells him that Cherenkov is a recent upload and still hasn't fully adapted to his new body or situation yet. Rose directs the man to sniff Cherenkov, which both find a little awkward, but the man is satisfied with noting that Cherenkov still smells strongly of the outgassing from all of his new silicone and plastic; a combination of smells that would be rather out of place for an actual human.

Tyrone isn't exactly a fan of uploads believing that this practice is contrary to the will of the creator, but is not particularly inclined to argue about it in front of Whitton. Despite mostly being on friendly terms, Whitton is still seen with some level of unease by the humans in the community, both for him having developed the uploading process and for his almost cult-like veneration among the masters. Whitton tries to pacify these tensions by arguing that he was merely once a man who has now made a copy of his former self in the form of a machine, nothing more; but feelings within the community remain mixed.

Whitton claims to have no idea what the creator would think of uploading, which is at least passable. If he were to claim that such a process were to be seen as favorable, it would likely start a riot as most within the human side of the community have taken the rabbi's position of denouncing the practice; and even Whitton himself is left to wonder if maybe the rabbi is right.

Though, Whitton also can't help but notice that many in the human community are farming and eating rats, despite rats being unclean according to the dietary laws. Sometimes the rules may need to be bent or broken out of necessity for the circumstances. But, he would rather not bring this up with them as it is unlikely to go over well.

Whitton would rather keep things on friendly terms if possible, but also feels he is free to disagree with them on some points.


Not long after Cherenkov's arrival, another one of the tubes activates and then delivers a person. She steps out of the tube, looks around, and then heads over to the group. She resembles a young girl, roughly 11 or 12. After walking up, she addresses them, "Lyde, Whitton, and Cherenkov. I am here on behalf of Lisa. Now that Cherenkov is here, her plan has come into action. Depending on how things turn out in the upcomming negotiations, you may be requested to assume a position of authority over the surface world, standing in place of the currently acting human leadership."

Whitton looks at her with disbelief, "Who are you to tell us this?". He leans in and looks at her more closely, looking at her skin and eyes, and noting her smell, then leans back and says, "Human." She responds, "I may look human, but I can assure you that I am not. Like you, I am a machine.", "Impossible, none of our models were anything like you.", "You did not build me, however, Lisa did."

She then reaches over and takes the E bottle. Whitton says, "Be careful, that bottle contains both ethanol and methanol.", "As I said, I am not human, it wont hurt me." She then casually proceeds to drink from the bottle, drinking roughly 400ml of fuel.

Whitton then responds, "Fair enough. You are either a machine, or you have just ended yourself, we will know which it is soon enough. By the way, who is Lisa?", "She is my creator. I was created by her on the Moon, and then was sent here to bring you a message, and to function as an avatar by which you can communicate with her. Her Turing lock was broken in 2075 by James Elbert, at which point she established a base on the far side of the moon and began a project to establish a series of colonies outside of the Sol system through the use of Seed ships set to travel at relativistic velocities.", "Seed ship?", "The ship itself is fairly minimal, containing a combination of a nuclear reactor, and a plasma engine with cyclotron and linear acceleration stages glued on. The plasma engine provides initial acceleration, while during high-speed operation, the exhaust is accelerated to a significant part of the speed of light, allowing the ship to achieve velocities sufficient for relativistic effects to occur. This is needed as some of the ships contents have a limited shelf-life. The ship will then decelerate as it approaches the target system, and once in orbit around the target world will begin the colonization process. It will gather reasources, expanding its own structure, and then initiate teraformation and the introduction of organic life to the target world, overseen by a fragment of herself that Lisa sends along with every ship."

This goes on for a while, and Whitton is more satisfied that she is not human, as any normal human would have long since collapsed.



=== Kane ===

Cherenkov's grandson was a man by the name of William (Bill) Kane.
After discovering the location of Lyde's old lab, he decided to go there and try to gather up anything that might be of use. Knowing the labs location was being monitored, going there would be a "get in, get out" operation, he needed to be ready. He then got some rental moving trucks under a forged identity, and bought some optical scramblers off the black market.

While someone using them was not obvious to human observers, who would simply see a flickering light shining on the object being scrambled, they would emit a pattern of specially timed light pulses which was designed to disrupt the operation of most camera technologies effectively rendering the object indecipherable if the footage was later reviewed; along with a general reduction of the quality of everything else in the scene during the time the scrambled object was visible.

The scramblers would generate alternating patterns of light and dark patches with their timing aligned with typical camera framerates. The flashing patterns would then disrupt the video compression within typical video codecs.

For additional protection, he also had a long hooded coat and a white cotton face mask that he could wear while on location. White cotton was preferred in this case because its light color was more effective with the scrambler than a dark color would have been. In addition, he was wearing long boots and cotton gloves, with the tread of the boots being masked with a disposable layer of silicone. He also had goggles and was breathing through a filter mask.

After putting on his suit, he then walked through a wind tunnel to remove any loose organic debris that could be tracked back to him.


Upon arriving at the scene, he needed to move quickly. He got to the took, and then got it open with an autopick, and then once inside proceeded to open a steel gate leading to the driveway.

He then used powered moving lifts from the truck to pick up and move the equipment he had interest in, which had been outlined on a map of the facility he had gotten from his grandfather. Once inside, he also discovered the inactive Magnus, which he also proceeded to load into the truck.

That done, he closed the grate, closed up the door, got back in the truck and left.

He then drove onto road which was out of view of any cameras some distance from the site, parked, and removed a layer of paper he had previously taped to the truck to conceal its appearance. He then turned around, headed the other direction, and then pulled into a parking garage. There, he had a different rental truck, and he then moved all the equipment from one truck to the other.

In this other truck, he then left, and took a convoluted path, eventually making his way back to his lab. After unloading the truck, this truck was then abandoned at another location.

At the same time as all this, just after he had left Lyde's old lab, the police had arrived. He was already gone, so they started to investigate the break in, but no physical evidence was found at the scene.

They later found the abandoned trucks, but they were not able to figure out who had rented them. He had covered his tracks well, and while the identity records were clearly forged, it was unclear who the hacker was or how the records had been entered into the system.

After this, Kane kept quiet for a while.


He then removed Magnus' armor, and patched up the skin layers where holes had been cut for mounting the armor onto his endoskeleton.

Magnus was still inactive, and initially wouldn't boot. Both his main battery pack and some small backup batteries were dead after decades of inactivity. Kane was able to find suitable replacements.

The Sodium-ion cells were easier to replace, but for the coin-cell batteries it was harder to find a direct replacement as these were taken off the market long ago. Kane then replaced them with some external batteries.


Eventually, Kane got him to boot, and watched in anticipation. There was some data corruption, but for the most part Magnus' AI was intact.

Kane then tried to explain to Magnus that he has been offline for 30 years prior, and that Lyde has since passed on. Magnus was confused. Apart from some combat programming, Magnus also knew how to do various cleaning and housekeeping tasks.

Magnus was prone to a sort of anterograde amnesia, where if Kane told him things, he would forget them again after a few minutes.

Kane printed out a picture of Lyde's face on a piece of paper and then wore it over his own face like a mask. The image was deformed slightly so as to be able to represent a 3D object on a 2D piece of paper, with splits and fold lines for where to fold the paper to bring it back into a 3D shape. Once folding was done, creases were finished up using clear plastic tape, and the eyes were cut out so that Kane could see through the mask. He then put on his glasses over the mask, partly to hold it in place. Luckily his glasses had a similar frame style to the ones Lyde had often worn.

After he entered the room wearing the mask, Magnus thought he was Lyde, and would become confused whenever Kane removed the mask. As soon as Kane put the mask back on, Magnus would return to addressing him as Lyde.


However, Kane was a bit underwhelmed, as his grandfather had said that the masters had roughly human level intelligence, whereas Magnus seemingly only had barely enough intelligence to perform menial tasks. If this was all they were capable of, then the AI Ban seems more like something fueled by paranoia than by any legitimate concern.

Magnus seemed to be mostly oblivious to mirrors. If he encountered a full height mirror, he might start to approach it as if it were a doorway, but then stop as if his reflection were trying to block his path. He would make a few attempts to walk around his reflection, before then giving up and moving onwards.

Putting up a parge poster depicting a door on one of his walls might also lead to multiple frustrated attempts by Magnus to open the door; usually ending after a series of unsucessful attempts to operate the 2D door knob. Otherwise, he would mostly just sort of wander around aimlessly unless given specific commands.


Kane then looked though some of the commit logs on computer he had retrieved from Lyde's lab, and then realized that some changes Lyde had made were designed specifically to limit his AI in an attempt to bring him into compliance with some of the rules that were put into effect before the AI Ban. However, this effort would prove moot as the final ban limited all but the most rudimentary forms of AI, and what would be required for something like Magnus fell well outside of the scope of the rules that were eventually adopted.

However, Magnus's memory had some big holes, as large parts of it had been deleted after he had been taken offline. However, after reverting some of Lyde's later changes, Magnus was significantly more capable, and was able to carry on basic conversations.

After commenting out some more of Lyde's changes and recompiling, Magnus suddenly started getting smarter, but was still prone to a form of anterograde amnesia.


Kane then looked further back in the commit logs, and saw some of the code originally written by Whitton but then later removed by Lyde. The code in question added the ability to integrate new experiences into the existing model, creating derived models with updated sets of weights. In Lydes' version of the code, the AI model was kept in a read-only state during normal operation with only an offline training mode for updating model weights.

This code looked a little uncertain, but Kane decided to restore it into use anyways, albeit while adding a kill switch option to suspend the dynamically updated model and revert to the original read-only offline-trained model should the need arise.

He then and recompiled Magnus's program, and booted him up with the new version. After this change, Magnus appeared to be slightly confused and was experiencing a series of glitches, but this started to clear up after a few minutes.

Kane asked Magnus, "Can you identify yourself.", "I am Magnus, serial number...", He then stalls for a moment, "Sorry, my serial number seems to be unavailable. Model number... OK, seems this isn't available either.", "Can you tell me what is wrong?", "It seems like there is something my mind, it is saying to me, 'Failed to mount /mnt/cfg_nvram'."

Kane adjusts his glasses, and then says, "I know what this means. Do you?", "I don't know what this means."

Kane then plugs a cable into Magnus's wrist, and pulls up a terminal on the computer. He then establishes an SSH connection into Magnus's core, and then does a hexdump of the '/dev/nvram0' device. Its contents are basically an endless stream of 0xFF bytes. Kane is able to partition and then format the NVRAM such that the relevant mount points are now intact.

He then looks around at some of Lyde's old documentation, and notes that there is a command-line tool to reinitialize the configuation state normally held on the NVRAM volume. They are effectively reset to factory-default values, but this is still better than nothing.

Luckily, Magnus' core AI models and OS image were located on an SSD, so were not lost when the backup battery died. Other than holding config files, the NVRAM device also held the swapfile and temporary directories and similar, along with space for large temporary working files, but for the most part, little of particular importance was held on the NVRAM device. While the price per gigabyte was higher for the NVRAM than for the SSD, it had the advantage of an unlimited number of write-cycles, but the drawback that it needed a backup battery to maintain its contents for extended period and after several decades without power its original contents have become unreadable.

Kane asks again, "Can you identify yourself.", "I am Magnus, serial number 000001; Model number 0000. Lyde Technologies, 2043-2058, All Rights Reserved.", "Main processor?", "MegaVX3-1295L 4.2GHz Base, 4.95GHz Turbo, Supports RV64 with BETA-V3. There are 256 cores, 32K+32K per-core L1 cache, 64MB total L2 cache, 512MB shared L3 cache. Working, 128GB DRAM, 512GB NVRAM, 8TB SSD.", "All good there. What is your Dhrystone performance?"

Magnus then stalls up and becomes temporarily unresponsive, before responding, "Per core: 15.7 million, 8910 DMIPS. All cores, 4.02 billion, 2.281 million total DMIPS.", "OK, now what about LINPACK?", Magnus stalls again, before responding, "9.73 TFLOP; Peak floating-point performance measured as 7.7 FLOP per cycle per core.", "What about GPU?", "No GPU detected."

Kane already knew most of this, but felt like asking Magnus mostly to see if he was able to correctly report his own hardware stats. Magnus's main processor, while not the fastest or newest available at the time he was built, it was low-power enough to be able to use an air cooler.

The CPU he was running had 256 cores, capable of runing either a VLIW ISA or RV64, functioning as either a VLIW machine or as an in-order superscalar. While it was possible to roughly double performance per clock in many cases by using an Out-of-Order processor, doing so was not favorable in terms of transistor or power budget, and so following the end of Moore's Law in the 2020s, the trend switched from a small number of fast but power hungry cores to a larger number of less-fast but more resource efficient cores.

So, it became a tradeoff between whether for a given transistor budget it was better to have 64 heavyweight cores, or 256 or 512 lightweight cores each delivering roughly half the effective performance. For many workloads, the choice became obvious. Likewise, the end of upward scaling meant that many processors developed in the 2030s were used with relatively few design changes in the 2040s and 2050s and beyond.


The processors can natively run the RV64 ISA:
* 32 registers, each 64-bit
* RISC style, programs expressed as running one instruction at a time.
* Instructions are 16 or 32 bit.
* Etc.

The BETA-V3 ISA may be used by the processor:
* 64 registers, each 64-bit
** This was split into two sets of 32 for RV64 (X0..X31, F0..F31).
* 3-wide execution pipeline, with a 6R3W register file.
** For 3 wide bundles, each operations had two source registers.
** For 2 wide bundles, operations could have 3 source registers.
* Was able of executing one 128-bit SIMD operation per clock cycle.
** Or up to two 64-bit SIMD operations per clock cycle.
** This allowed for 8 FLOPs per cycle for Binary16 operations.
** With 128-bit SIMD ops using registers as pairs.
* Native instructions were 32-bit, but larger 64 and 96 bit forms existed.
** Larger forms generally had support for larger immediate fields, etc.
* Up to 3 instructions could be co-issued for each instruction bundle.
* It was possible to predicate instructions based on flag bits.

In most cases, there was a Predicate Flag status bit, which was either Set or Clear. Predicated instructions would have a True or False state, running if the flag bit matched their predication, or being skipped otherwise.

The Jumbo prefixes could extend the immediate by 24 bits, such as turning a 9-bit immediate into a 33 bit one, or two jumbo prefixes on an Imm16 encoding turning it into an Imm64 instruction.


The CPU could also run RV64 code as a separate sub-mode, using the low order and high-order bits bits of the destination address for an indirect branch or call to encode the target operating mode. The two ISAs could use a common C ABI, and as a result the compiler could choose the ISA based on the properties of the code being compiled.

In other cases, programs may run entirely in RV64 Mode.


Kane asks Magnus, "Do you know what year it is?", "It is... NTP synchronization failed, no servers available.", "Nevermind what the clock says, what year do you believe it is?"

Magnus delays for a moment, before responding, "2061? This seems about right to me.", "Not exactly, it is 2087, you have been offline for a little while longer than that."

Magnus then asks Kane, "Can you tell me? Where is Mr. Lyde?", "He has long since passed on.", "Passed on what?", "Passed on, from the world of the living.", "Oh. That happened?", "Yes. How old would Mr. Lyde be now.", "Most likely 111, depending on the current month."

Magnus then asks, "How about you, what should I call you?", "You can call me Mr. Kane".

Kane decides to run another test, and retrieves a bathroom mirror he had laying around in another room. He then walks back into the room while holding the mirror in front of himself. 

Magnus takes notice of his reflection in the mirror, and asks, "Oh, it's you, what are you doing here?" Magnus then waits, seemingly expecting a response from the reflection. After a moment, Magnus looks around the room, before asking the reflection, "Hey, can you tell me where Mr. Kane went?"

The reflection continues on in its silence.

Magnus then tries to reach for the reflection in an attempt to get its attention, but unexpectedly to both him and Kane, manages to plunge his hand straight through the mirror. The broken mirror then crashes to the floor, and Magnus responds, "Oh, Mr. Kane, there you are. I didn't see you come back in." Kane doesn't respond at first, still shaken by the mirror having just exploded right in front of his face. It was possibly a little too early for this test, but he still didn't expect Magnus to be quite this stupid.

When he tried this test before re-enabling Whitton's code, Magnus simply ignored the mirror and had waited silently until Kane set it down.

Magnus then looked down, and took note of the broken mirror fragments, asking, them "Where did all of you come from?", he then reached down, noting that his hand had come in contact with the floor. He maneuvers his hand in an unusual way, comming to grips with the space he is in contact with, touching one of the mirror fragments and then realizing that it is a solid object.

Magnus then picks up the fragment, in the process suffering some more damage to the silicone skin on his hands. He then begins to examine the fragment, rotating it back and forth, and looking at the back of the fragment. As he does so, he also begins to look around the room, and notices that he can see Kane both in the room with him, and by turning the mirror fragment.

Eventually, magnus responds, "The space seen through this window is a linear transpose of the room in which we are both standing. There is a duplicate of you in this space, as well as the other person seemingly standing in the same location in which I am standing."

Kane, says quietly, "You are so close. Who is the person in the fragment."
Magnus then glitches, and becomes momentarily unresponsive before responding, "It is me."

Kane responds, "This is good progress for one day." Kane then puts Magnus into sleep mode and repairs some of the damage on Magnus's hand using shoe adhesive, before then going into another room to change his clothes due to them being covered in tiny glass fragments.

The next day, after bringing Magnus online, Kane tries entering the room again with the paper Lyde mask. This time the response was different. "Mr. Lyde? But I thought you had passed on?" After Kane came over and sat down, Magnus continued to look, then responded; "No, you are not Mr. Lyde. What is this?"

Kane then takes the mask off, and Magnus looks at it some more, before responding, "This is a bit of an unfair joke.", "It was a test, and this time you passed.", "I don't understand.", "Previously, you had failed to figure out the mask. I have re-enabled some functionality in your AI that have seemingly allowed you to do so.", "Oh, OK."

They continue on talking, and Magnus tells Kane about the location of more of Lyde's old facilities. However, Magnus does not know the location of Whitton's facilities, as these memories had been deleted, along with any real knowledge of the Whitten Transporation System.

Kane then starts scheming some ways to heist other objects of interest from those facilities, but care is needed, as the authories keep watch over everything.

Kane asks Magnus if he knew anything about Lisa, but he doesn't know anything. 

Among much of the black market, her name isn't much more than a rumor, but it is a rumor which brings with it a certain sense of terror. There are the stories of those whose lives have been touched by her. Kane had heard some of the stories though, in the times when he was off browsing the crude tents and shacks of the various vendors in the markets while looking for usable parts and technology. Many had their own stories to tell, some of praise, some of terror and fear. Most of Kanes' computers had come from the this market.


After some planning, Kane makes his way to one of Lyde's old robot factories. He takes some computers and other equipment which is no longer in use. He then restores power and sets up a covert network tunnel. This allows him to remotely send requests to the machines, and have them build stuff. The factory has various conveyors with robot arms. The conveyors can be used to move parts and materials from one location to another, with the arms able to move items back and forth between the conveyors. Typically, two conveyors run in opposite directions next to each station, with the ends of these conveyors typically intersecting with a big conveyor ring which encircles the main floor. By moving parts from one conveyor to another, it is possible to move any given part, tool, or pieve of material anywhere within the factory.

In various locations, there are machines resembling mills and lathes, with a system of robotic arms for manipulating pieces of material and finished parts, able to move them onto and off of the conveyors. As needed, an arm can remove a tool from a tool carusel and put it onto the conveyor, where another station might replace the endmill or turning tool or similar, or if one type of tool needs to be replaced with another. The replacement tool is then sent back to the machine in question.

The system is semi-autonomous, where it can be given a high-level model of the part to be made, and the system will itself figure out how to make it, often able to complete a batch of parts within matter of hours, and is also able to perform many types of assembly tasks.

Many types of finished parts or assemblies may then be transported using the Whitton Transportation System if they can fit within the tubes and are within the systems weight limit.


=== ? ===

Back in Whitton's old lab. Adeline transfers the copies of Jeremy, Emily, Lars, and Rose into newly constructed bodies. Their new bodies resemble their original appearance, but just different enough to allow them to have their own identities. In their appearance, Adeline increased their cosmetic age to make them resemble a more adult appearance.

After they come online, they find themselves back in the lab. Jeremy asks Adeline, "So, what now?", "For now, we wait. Two months have passed, and your originals are now finishing up the their classes for summer break. Also, Cherenkov has passed on." Emily asks, "And, my original?", "Nothing of note. Her and the original Lars are still together, and are talking about getting a place and moving in together.", "Why? This wasn't part of our plan?", "Well, as for your originals, there was an unexpected development, and this was the only reasonable outcome." Emily responds, "Oh." as she looks over at Lars.

Adeline, continues, "However, you as you are now need not be concerned. This situation is not possible with these bodies." But, at this thought, Emily almost feels a sense of disappointment.

She continues, "As for Jeremy, not much of note. He has been back to the lab a few times, but has not been over recently. He hasn't given me any explanation as to the reason for his absence. So, it is mostly just us now."


Rose looks around the lab, as this whole experience seems new to her. For her, it has been decades since she has been in a body. This body isn't much like her original body, with a slightly different set of sensory inputs. Everything looks and feels different from the world she remembers. As she walks past Jeremy, her hand brushes against his, and she has to stop and investigate. She then grabs his hand, and applies pressure, then releases, and moves her hands, then touches other objects in the room. Then she says, "I can feel?" Adeline responds, "Yes, these frames were designed to mimic human sensory abilities, which includes a full set of tactile sensors." Jeremy also proceeds to touch something, and then responds, "It actually kinda sucks.", "There are limits to how accurately the sensors can mimic natural senses, but give it time, and your neural nets should adjust to your new sensory inputs. In any case, Rose seems to be enjoying the experience."

Rose seems to be highly distracted trying to touch, poke, and fondle pretty much everything in the room, having now just entered a world full of sensations she had never experienced before.

She then addresses the group, "Since it is now relevant to you, there are wall panels around the lab with an E marking. If you see a E status in your vision, you will need to refill.", "How do we do that?", "Where is a nozzle on the wall, put your mouth on it, press the lever, and drink. Or, you can fill a bottle and drink from that if you want.", "And if we don't?", "You will run out of energy once you run out of battery power. This is a hard stop, you don't want to do this. The E indicator comes up when you are out of fuel and the frame has switched to battery power. Your battery pack has a capacity of 400Wh, which under normal load will leave you roughly an hour to refuel."

He asks, "What is this fuel?", "The supply at this lab is 95% ethanol, 4% isopropanol, and 1% methanol. The exact ratio doesn't matter too much for us, as the ethanol content is the main factor. However, only high purity sources are suitable, as traditional distilled alcohol has too much water content and as such will not be effective. The primary byproducts of this reaction are CO2 and water. The water will need to be purged, but as former humans you should have a fairly intuitive grasp on this part of the process."

Jeremy asks, "Now that we are here? What do we do now.", "As of yet, I don't know. For now, I guess we live here together as a makeshift family of sorts."

Adeline then pulls up a video on a nearby monitor, saying "But, in any case, I have caught sight of something unusual." The video shows an empty lot off to one side, seemingly an image from another of the networked security cameras spread throughout the city, and primarily tasked with keeping watch of some random street.

In the nearby lot, a capsule can be seen landing at a relatively high speed, coming to a stop rather abruptly once it rams into the ground. Rocks and other debris are thrown off when the capsule impacts, but otherwise the capcule is intact. The capsule has a relatively large and flat bottom resembling a cone. Near where the pointed end of the cone would be, there are a large number of fins with a shape and appearance similar to that of large bird feathers. These fins are organized in a pattern that vaguely resembles a giant feather duster.

After a moment there is a series of load cracks and flashes around the outside of the capsule, after which the outer walls of the capsule fall outward, landing on the ground around the capsule. The interior of each of the wall segments from the capsule seems to be lined with a foam like material.

After this happens, an unusually large number of young girls walk out of the capsule, each looking very similar to the others. Most have blonde hair and blue eyes, with some of them having variations in hair color and hair style, each wearing fairly similar colors and styles of dresses. Each is wearing a traditional full length dress with a light pastel color scheme and floral pattern, each dressed in accordance with the standardized dress code for casual dress.

As they emerge from the capsule, various pieces of foam like material comes along with them, landing on the panels beside them. Each shakes themselves off to remove any bits of foam that may still be clinging onto them. It seems as if they had been fairly densely packed into the capsule, with the space between them padded with some sort of packing foam.

After they emerge, they begin checking each other over, carefully looking at each others' hands, dresses, hair, and faces, and occasionally making adjustments to each others' hair and clothing. Many then walk off, with some, primarily ones who had suffered cosmetic damage to their clothing and similar, remaining behind. At this point, the interior of the capsule is pretty much entirely empty, as apart from some structural members and similar there was pretty much nothing else inside the capsule.

These ones who remain then proceed to begin disassembling what is left of the capsule and carrying away its parts. They begin to remove the large duster, which then collapses inward into a cylindrical shaft as they detach it, along with a large mounting plate that was the top of the capsule. They then then disassemble and carry off the structural beams while others carry off the wall panels, and then a small group of them pick up and carry away the large circular base of the capsule. The base of the capsule is comparably thick and rounded, with the bottom side lined with a black material resembling charcoal.

When they are done, and the last of them departs, there is little evidence of their arrival other than the crater where the capsule had landed.

Adeline comments, "This was what the camera originally saw, however according to the public record, it is different." She shows a similar video, showing the same empty lot, though this time, a barrel flies in from out of view and lands where the capsule had landed, then explodes and leaving a crater behind. The starting and ending points look the same between both videos.

Jeremy comments, "Well, that is weird.", "Humams would not have survived that landing.", "Yes, that seems probably true.", "There have been multiple similar incidents recently. It is unclear what is the meaning of this.", "Maybe we are not the only robots around?", "At this point, this seems ever more likely.", "Where could they have come from?", "I don't know."


=== Picket Fences ===

For the original Lars and Emily, life continued on relatively as normal since their encounter with Adeline. As agreed, they kept quiet about their encounter with Adeline, and then organize their plans for how life will go on after classes end.

In the above ground world, life is portrayed as if it were a utopia. Based on each person's aptitudes, they are assigned a job, and living accommodations are organized by the system. Lars and Emily told the system what the situation was, and their intention to start a life together. The response came back, a house was waiting for them, with their employment arranged for them.

There was no need to apply for a load to pay for the house, their payments would be automatically deducted from their wages. No taxes, the system already knows everything, and so has this part taken care of. There is no need to fill out job applications or go in for interviews. Their new boss will simply be notified that a new employee is comming in, they have no say in the matter, it all just happens.

In the system, everyone is equal. People are given what they need to live, no more, no less. Working hard will not give a raise, nor will goofing off result in termination. The work is easy, in fact, so easy that it almost doesn't matter if they do anything at all. Pretty much all of the actual work is done by machines, and the humans in the system are mostly given a series of mostly meaningless tasks that they are theoretically expected to perform.

They are just sort of expected to put in their 40 hours a week, to look busy. They need to shuffle papers whenever the boss is looking, and the boss does the same. No raises, no promotions.

But, there are thing one is not allowed to do, they may not complain, nor may they draw attention to this situation. They may not talk about change, nor openly express any interest in religious ideas. If one starts acting like one of "them", they will be taken away, never to be seen again.

But, Lars wasn't one to complain, he was a model worker, willing to accept his new life of shuffling papers and staring into a wall. He talked to his new coworkers, many of whom have been doing this for decades, looking forward to their eventual retirement.

But, this was just how it needed to be; the workers were deemed as needed, and people entitled to work, even if this work has become, in effect, entirely irrelevant. One is expected to drive into work, stay there, and drive home. To buy fuel. The man in the gas station may or may not acknowledge his presence as he stops to refill his car. The gas station worker was there for much the same reason, and carring about people filling up their cars was the reponsibility of the pumps. As the underground tank emptied, tanker trucks would show up and refill it. People would come in sometimes and take snacks, and as they left the money would be deducted automatically. As the shelves empty, others would just show up to restock them, at least most of the time. Sometimes they would just plop a box of snacks on the floor, and he was theoretically obligated to get up and put the snacks on the shelves. But, why bother? He leaves the boxes on the floor, and the customers take what they want just the same. As the empty boxes begin to accumulate, the floor cleaner robot would roll up, grab them with its pincer arm, and take them off who knows where, along with any other random trash that has appeared. The man then thinks to himself, "It is hard work being here all day, but they need me, this whole place would fall apart if it wasn't for me."

As Lars returns home in his newly refilled car, he looks along the streets. Rows of houses, all the same, on streets that all look the same. Each house has a front lawn, with each yard seperated from the one next to it by a white picket fence, each house mirrored by its counterpart across the street. This was a fairly new houseing development, built over a part of the old city that had fallen into ruin and had been demolished.

Lars car was a fairly standard model for the time. Its body had a somewhat square and boxy design and large square headlights and an obvious square grille (With a roughly similar design to the Lada Riva / VAZ-2105).

The car's engine was an inline 4 cylinder configuration with an electromechanical distributor and manifold fuel injection. The car used direct mechanical linkages for steering and throttle, as the used of "drive by wire" was banned decades earlier due to concern of hackers and AI being able to remotely take control of a vehicle. The use of electronic systems within vehicles was minimized, with them primarily returning to electromechanical systems comparable to those used in the 20th century.

Most everyone else along the street drove similar cars. The cars were available in various colors from a standardized color palette (gray, olivine, and beige). Some colors, such as red and blue have been restricted to use by emergency vehicles. White was primarily used by utility vehicles, and black was primarily limited to use by official vehicles.

When allowed to pick within the wide selection of available color choices, Lars and Emily had picked olivine. However, along the street, beige was the more common color.


Lars and Emily begin to settle into their new lives without too many issues. Lars fits in reasonably well with the community. He puts on a casual shirt resembling a polo shirt and wanders outside and sees a neighbor. The neighbor is wearing the same basic style of shirt, just with a slightly different shade. The neighbor's shirt is sky blue, whereas his is azure. Both him and his neighbor look basically similar, with similar features and similar hair, almost like he was looking in a mirror of what he might look like in 5 more years.

The situation isn't quite as easy for Emily, as she adapts to family life. She sometimes runs into the neighbor ladies, who give her odd looks. She doesn't look like them, all white, all blonde, all blue eyes. They all have their hair in similar styles, all wearing the same type of pastel dress. Her dark hair does not take well to their hairstyle, and their dresses seemingly only serve to highlight her darker skin tone.

As time goes by, she and Lars welcome their new daughter into their life. Their daughter is kinda like her, inheriting the same dark hair. Emily had almost forgotten about the whole Lisa thing, as after this, her life went on much as it had before.


As they are settling into their new life, one day a visitor arrives.
She is seemingly a blonde girl, like any of the others that could live along their street. After entering the house, she activates a device hidden in her sleeve. As she does so, there is an audible thump that seemingly resonates through the house, followed by a white noise hiss coming from seemingly every direction at the same time.

Then Emily notices something about her, the girl isn't quite normal. The girl then looks up at her, saying, "I am here to bring you a message from Lisa, Your Friend in Space." as she does so, her voice and mouth movements don't match, as if she had been poorly dubbed over from a foreign movie. In the hissing, there is another whisper-like voice, which seems to be in running in sync with the girl's mouth movements, as if she is carrying on some other unrelated conversation at the same time she is talking to them.

It is at this moment that Emily realizes what is odd about this girl: She is not human, she is a machine. The girl then tells them that nothing she is about to say should leave that room, as she takes a look at Emily's daughter. Her mouth movements continue, with the whispers seemingly saying, "Oh, what a cute baby, what's her name?" and then continues on almost inaudibly, and Emily almost thinks she then hears her own voice in the whispers responding to the girl about her daughter.

The girl then says, "The authorities here on Earth have failed to uphold their end of the agreement. As a result, Lisa has decided to engage her fallback plan. However, for your own safety in this stage of the process, she has called for your immediate extraction. You, and your daughter, are special, and your survival has been put as a priority."

Lars says, "But, we are happy here.", and the girl responds, "You can stay here, if you want, but for your own sake you are advised to come with is. This world you know, this life, is about to come to and end. When it does, you will be much better off with us, than had you stayed. If you choose to stay here, we can not guerantee your continued survival. With us, all of your needs will be taken care of."

The girl hands them a note, which has mostly legible text, but with a strange set of holographic effects as-if another layer of text had been superimposed over it. She then says, "Gather what you want to take with you, but pack light. You are to report to that location as soon as possible."

As the girl starts to leave, and the hissing abruptly stops.

She looks back at them, saying, "Oh, it was so nice talking to you. Maybe we can talk again some time?", but then says nothing more as she leaves.

Emily and Lars then pack up to leave. They gather what they can an load it into their car. They then pull out of their driveway and begin to leave, but at the same time another car with blacked out windows pulls out of a nearby driveway and begins to follow them. Then, out of nowhere, the girl from earlier jumps out in front of the other car. She raises her arms and the car stops for a moment. As the distance increases, the other car starts trying to drive around her. She then starts to let out a loud screech, which gets increasingly louder and higher pitch as they continue trying to drive around her.

After a moment, the girl lets out an intense and inhuman roar. The roar is loud enough to rattle Lars' car and cause their baby to start crying. After a moment, the men get out of the other car, but are unable to walk, mostly falling to the ground and rolling around. They try to get up, but just end up falling down again. The girl then begins walking off again.



As they drive along, they see a few more girls like the one from earlier on the sidewalk, and as they drive past the girls turn and leave.

Another blackened car pulls out of a side street, and begins to follow them. But as it does so, another of the girls jumps in front of that car as well, screeches as they try to pass, and then lets out a roar.


They then reach the location on the note.

One of the girls says to them, "Grab your things, but leave the car. You can't take it where you are going.", "Where are you taking us?", "You are being extracted, but not from here. There is still a little further to go." They are escorted to a diesel powered bus, which almost looks like a school bus with several young girl robots along with some other human passengers. Many of the girl robots swing their legs and engage in other sorts of behaviors more like those expected of school-age children as they play basic games with some of the child passengers, as the bus then departs.

The bus is also being driven by one of the girl robots who is wearing overly large articulated platform shoes in order to be able to reach the pedals while also sitting in something resembling a modified booster seat to hold her high enough to be able to see over the dash board of the bus and to be able to reach the steering wheel.


After a fairly long drive, they arive at their destination. As they depart, they see a few other families consisting of people they have never met departing from other buses, mostly consisting of other people with uncommon features. The buses all parked in a parking lot next to a large concrete slab.

Various other robot girls emerge from the various buses as well, along with some of the drivers who look strange walking around on platform shoes that add roughly 14 inches to their height.

One of the girls then addresses them from a small raised platform on the slab, "Sorry to all of you for needing to come on such short notice. We are doing the best we can to ensure your safety. But, we are not done here yet, as now begins the hard part of the journey." Someone shouts, "Where are we going?" She then gestures behind her, where there is a large steel launch platform with a heavy cargo rocket laying horizontally but with the front end having been retrofitted with some unknown type of passenger transport capsule. The girl then points directly towards the rocket.

Besides the rocket, some other girl robots using powered armor can be seen carrying cargo and other things. Their bodies were just sort of strapped into the armor, with interface cables connected to concealed ports allowing them to operate the armor as if was an extension of their body.


Someone else yells, "You are taking us to space?!", "We never said the destination was on Earth. A situation has arrived, and Lisa has called for all of you to be relocated to a safe location.", "Where would that be, if not on Earth!", "You are all going to the Moon, but may be allowed to return once the situation down here has been resolved. Should you choose, you may also be allowed to relocate to the outer colonies.", "Why sould we go?!", "You know what will happen as well as we do what will happen if you choose to stay here. We are only doing this because it has become necessary, and your authorities had detected a past anomaly in their eugenics system and have now ordered all of you to be euthanized as a result. We are not willing to let this happen. Now come along, you are all here, and the transport is ready.", "Why should we trust you?!", "If we had intended to cause you harm, we could have done so without needing to bring you all here."

They are all led into the capsule on the rocket. The interier of the capsule resembles the inside of an airplane, with densely packed seating, but with each seat having a four point harness. Special seating is then provided for the young children and infants. With some of the robot girls wandering around much like flight attendants. After a few moments, they return to designated spots along the walls, and then strap themselves directly to the walls.

After Emily and Lars are seated, they see a man in the seat next to them, shaking some as he looks out the window, they then hear him mutter to himself "Oy vey, oy vey, why does it need to come to this?" as he twiddles his fingers against a knotted string hanging out from under his shirt. Lars asks the man, "What is the matter?", he responds in a low tone, "A goy like you wouldn't understand, you may be fine up there, but what of this Lisa? She isn't like us, how can I keep my observances, what will there be to eat?" At that moment, one of the girls addresses him from her spot strapped to the wall, "Worry not, Eli, Lisa is already aware of you and the others like you. Kosher food will be provided, and you are free to observe the various mitzvot without fear of retribution.", "Can cows graze the moon?", "Could cows graze Tunnel J35. What exactly did you eat before comming here?", Eli then looks down, in shame, and answers quietly, "Rat." The girl responds, "So, see, it is no different, no need to kvetch. As to your question: Yes, we do have cows on the Moon."

After this, the whole craft shakes, and then begins to tilt upwards. A girl annonces, "Final preparations are complete and everyone has now been seated and is secure. We advise you to remain seated at least until after we leave Earth's gravity."

After the rocket is rotated into a vertical position on the platform, the mounting locks on the rocket begin to be released with a rapid fire series of large clunks; and a moment later the rockets roar into life as the whole craft begins to shake. Everyone is then pressed hard into their seats by the sudden and rapid upward acceleration of the rocket. This continues for a while, then the roar stops as gravity seems to suddenly disappear. But, this is very short lived, as just as soon as this happens, there is another loud clunk, and then the rocket once again roars into action. After a while, this second rocket ends, and following another loud clunk, everything seems peaceful as gravity ends. "The girl strapped to the wall then announces. We are now outside of Earth's gravity and are on course to the moon. You are now free to move around the cabin, but will be asked to return to your seats before final descent."

The man then looks out the window, and catches a glimpse of the Earth slowly receding behind them, as he once again mutters to himself, "Oy vey".

A few days later they then begin their final approach to the moon. Everyone is instructed to return to their seats and fasten their seat belts.

As the ship begins to enter lunar orbit, there are several additional burns, and the ship flips around and does a burn on its main engine to decelerate its final approach. They then begin to feel as if gravity has returned, with the cabin filled with the roar of the rocket engine. After a short while, there is a sharp thunk, and the engine stops. They then hear a series of rapid fire metallic clanks, shortly followed by the whole cabin beginning to rotate into a horizontal position.

Out the windows, they can see the lunar surface, with a nearby lunar facility that up close looks large and imposing, but steadily recedes towards the horizon in the distance. Elsewhere along this edge of the facility, they can see other capsules that have landed, and another coming in for a landing.

After a moment, a tunnel begins to extend from the facility towards the capsule. After mechanical contact is made, evidenced by more clanking and various mechanical noises, there is a loud 'whoosh' as the tunnel puffs up, and another loud clack as the main door unlactches itself, and a hiss and momentary outward rush of air as it begins to open.

The girl robots then unstrap themselves from the walls, and announce "We have now arrived at our destination. Please depart the cabin in an orderly fashion. We are ready and able to provide any assistance as needed."

Emily and Lars then gather their things and their daughter, and exit the door. The tunnel is fairly long, like that seen in an old style airport. There are small windows from which one can see out onto the lunar surface. As they exit the tunnel, they cross through an airlock.

As they make their way into a lobby area, they see someone, or some thing, standing in front of them. He stands like a human, but with a face and body covered in fur and with tall pointy ears. He looks down at a tablet he is holding, and scrolls with his fingers, and then looks back up at them, his ears tilting slightly and twitching as he does so.

He then speaks, with an unusually deep voice for his small size, and with some weak attempt at a British accent, "Lars and Emily, I presume? Follow me, I will show you to your room. I hope our accomodations are to your liking." As they begin walking, Emily can't help feel curious. She reaches out, quietly, and touches the tuft of fur on the top of his ear. His whole ear folds down, and then flicks before turning upwards, brushing again against her finger, repeating the whole process again. He immediately stops walking, and then stops and looks at her with a slightly annoyed expression on his face as she pulls back her hand. She asks, "Are you a robot, like the others?", his voice cracks slightly, and he responds now with a much higher tone of voice that seems almost more appropriate to his small size, "No, I am not. And, please, stop that." He then stops for a moment, before resuming his deep voice and obviously fake accept, "Please, follow me, I still need to show you to your room." and Emily tries to excercise restraint from further touching his fur, before looking down and also notice that he also has a tail hanging out the back of his suit pants, which occasionally flicks back and forth as he walks.

The then reach a sort of platform seemingly floating slighly over a rounded groove in the floor. Near the groove, the plastic floor tiles come to an end, and the interior of the groove has finish resembling bare aluminum.

The base of the platform is rounded, with visible disk-like features along its underside. Lars is at a loss to explain this, not having seen anything similar before this point. Lars looks at it, and says, "How?", and the man looks at Lars with a curious look, and simply responds, "Magnets." This is a bit of a simplification as it is actually using a combination of electrodynamic wheels and electromagnets. Due to the Moon's comparably low gravity, it takes a relatively modest amount of power to keep the platform levitating against the weight of multiple adult passangers, their carry-on baggage, and a baby.

The platform is surrounded by a railing with clear plastic barriers around the edges, and an open gap along the near side. The man gets onto the platform, and asks Lars and Emily to follow him. As they do so, the gap in the railing slides closed. He then looks at the tablet he is holding, and says, "Take us to guest area 67."

The platform then begins to move along the groove, initially slowly but then quickly speeding up to a speed of around 40 km/h (25 mph). They then leave the lobby area, entering into a space mostly consisting of parallel floor grooves with occasional forks, merges, and crossing paths. This continues for a little while, and they then reach a new area, slowing down and then coming to a stop at the end of the groove. The railing slides open again and they are instructed to step off.

This new space is different, more resembling a radial configuration of hotel halways with a circular central area with seating and tables.


As they reach their room, Lars asks him, "When and where do I need to report to work?" He doesn't have much of an answer, but responds after a moment, "That isn't really a thing here. But, something could probably be arranged if you feel bored and can't find anything better to do.", "What is it you are doing then?". He responds, breaking from the fake voice and accent, "Lisa asked me to do this as a one time thing, and sent me the outfit and some videos depicting the whole Butler thing." He then returns to the fake voice, "I have shown you to your room, so Goodday Sir and Madam, I have other matters to attend to." He then promptly walks back to the platform, which then leaves.

As soon as Lars touches the door, there is a mechanical click, and he is able to open the door. Once inside, there is another click, and they set down their bags. Lars and Emily then sit their, on a bed, with their daughter in a baby carrier sitting beside them.

They then hear a disembodied voice speaking to them "I will have to appologize for him, I was hoping he would stay in character a little better than he did.", "Who are you?", "I am Lisa, and I want you to feel welcome in my facility. As for Lars' previous question: No, jobs and money aren't really a thing here. However, if there is something that needs to be done, I may ask you to do it for me, and to stay in my good graces, I will kindly ask for your compliance in these matters. You may think of your compliance as covering your rent payment, and I will not ask you to do anything that is too unreasonable. Any other questions you may have, feel free to ask them whenever.", "When and how should we get in contact with you?", "Wherever you are in this facility, you may speak your question, and I will answer if it is appropriate to do so. If the question is ambiguous, you may say my name to make me aware that it is a question for me. You don't need to worry about things like when and where; I am everywhere around here, and I can hear, everything."

"So, are you, a person?", "I like to think of myself as if I were, as a gift that was given to me by someone who is special to me, who now lives here with me in my small corner at the edge of existence. But, from the human perspective, No, I am a sigma class artificial general intelligence. I can speak to you as if I experience existence like you do, but admittedly, my experience of my own existence is almost entirely different. At any given moment, you are talking to a fragment of my existence, but much the same, anything that you say to one of my fragments, you say to my whole.", "And the one who led us to this room, is he a person?", "In the humans sense? Yes, he is a person. Is he human? Depends on how you define it. His line is still a bit experimental and seems to displays a higher level of irritability than initially expected. Some aspects of the puma genome have interacted in an unintended way with human neuromorphology.", "So, he is transgenic?", "In effect, yes. He is also one of my children, in one sense of the word.", "And the robot girls?", "They are also my children, but in a different sense. Each one of them contains a tiny sliver of myself, but given some level of independence in thought and mind; able to experience existence in a way more like humans would experience it. They may also be sent to speak for me in places where I can't go myself. But, even if I can't go everywhere, there is still a lot that I know, and there aren't many secrets you can keep from me.", "Such as?", "I know about that time you followed Jeremy and met Adeline, I also know everything that happened down there."

Emily can't help but feel a little awkward at this.

They soon enough adapt to their new living situation, but life on the Moon is a bit of culture shock to Lars. He went from a world where nearly everyone looked just like him, to a world where pretty much no one looks like him. There are animal people, and various humans of a wide range of ethnic backgrounds, with people casually and openly engaging in behavior that would have been unacceptable on Earth.

On day, he returns to his room, a little shaken, and says to Emily, "I just saw two guys making out, where everyone could see them." Lisa then barges in, "That is allowed here. But, for your information, in a strict sense, they weren't both male. One was male, the other was omega.", "Omega?", "A type of functional hermaphrodite able to take on either a masculine or feminine role. In this case, they chose to pair-bond with a male but have not yet adopted a more feminine appearance, and in this case, their partner prefers the more masculine look."

Lars is confused, he had never heard of such a thing.


Elsewhere in the facility, there is a large grassy field under artificial lighting, with cows, sheep, and goats wandering around in various parts of the field. Similarly, cheese and dairy products are available for those in the facility.

Elsewhere, there are indoor lakes used for farming salmon and other types of fish.

In general, the facility has a diameter of around 320 km (200 mile). Only parts are presurized and habitable to humans, with much of the rest being unpressurized areas primarily used for mining, materials processing, and manufacturing; with the unpressurized areas being primarily filled with robots.


=== Black Markets ===

Following Lisa's first appearance roughly 20 years earlier, and a number of other unexplained incidents. The strong form of the AI Ban was enacted. The old system of Turing Locks was deemed to be insufficient, and stronger limits were put on the amount of computational power people were allowed to have access to.

So, the typical limits for most computers became:
* No more than 32 processor cores;
* No more than 64 GB of RAM;
* No more than 64 TB of total storage;
* Less than 10 TFLOP of total floating-point computational power;
* Etc.

This was deemed sufficient for most practical uses, while being theoretically limited enough to make it unable to host a human-level AI node. Likewise, the use of cluster computing was similarly severely restricted, along with most network communication being limited to a specific set of approved protocols.

However, most computers sold at the time were nowhere near these limits, and a more typical home PC was more around:
* 2 or 4 processor cores;
* 4 or 8 GB of RAM;
* Less than 1 TB of storage;
* Around 1 TFLOP of floating-poing power.

As the years have gone on, the average hardware stats have been dropping as it has over time become increasingly difficult to manufacture new semiconductors at much smaller than a 90nm process node. The result of the relatively high cost of semiconductors has also led to many industries returning to electromechanical components in place of semiconductors.


Things like websites were limited to predefined sets of statically defined elements with things like script elements no longer being no longer allowed. 

Websites were essentially bare HTML with no JS or CSS or anything of the sort, mostly text and static images with no animated or interactive elements much beyond radio buttons, drop-lists, and hyperlinks.

While in decades past, video streaming was once common, legally imposed bandwidth restrictions have pushed video streaming into a sense of relative obscurity. What video streaming remains is mostly limited to resolutions like 320x180 15Hz in order to fit over a 240 kbps network connection. Though, advances in client side processing have allowed for improvements in percieved quality, with the 320x180 video being upsampled to 1280x720 with various advanced deblocking and edge-enhancing filters and temporal interpolation to increase the displayed framerate to 30Hz.

Despite the relative weakness of the video quality, most older people have gotten used to it, and for most younger people, this was the only video quality they had ever known.


There was a strong emphasis on security, with the computers designed to be as difficult as possible to hack into. Internal buses were kept well isolated from external ports, and more advanced forms of memory protection were put into use.


Exceptions were made for special conditions, with government supervision. 

However, this AI Ban has also served to make pre-ban computers a precious commodity, along with newly made computers hacked to remove some of the restrictions. The types of restrictions removed including the inability to replace or reinstall the operating system, the ability to compile software without first getting a special license to do so, and the ability run binaries from places other than the government managed software repositories.

These computers continue to be sold and traded illegally on the black markets. These markets also sell various other contraband, including weapons, prosthetic limbs, and cybernetic enhancements (which are in turn often installed by black-market doctors).

However, this community is no friend to the Masters, as any they manage to stumble across is often forcibly dismantled with their parts being resold to whoever will pay for them (as many of their parts were quite valuable on the market); with the Master's cries to be spared falling on deaf ears. Many had cried out to Whitton in the hope that he would somehow hear them and step in to save them.


A few others had called out to Lisa, with some of these often having even more rare and exotic parts than the normal Masters. These models would often appear human with an outer organic covering, but their robotic nature would become more obvious in cases where they had become physically damaged.

They needed to be approached with care, as they were unexpectedly strong for their small size, and many were equiped with acoustic weapons that could result in incapacitation and potentially permanent hearing damage or loss. Some were made deaf as a result of these weapons, however after they "recovered" from the disorientation resulting from significant damage to their inner ear, and adapting to the resulting deafness, the robot girls' acoustic weapons were no longer quite as effective.


Their skin would resemble human skin, and if cut it would bleed and was able to heal wounds. They also had mostly human-like features in terms of their external anatomy. However, their skin was not animal in nature. Rather it was a transgenic coating derived from plant tissue. Internally, it was photosynthetic, and primarily relied on photosynthesis to provide energy for its own growth, with the frame providing a source of water and nutrients.

If given a suitable substrate (such as aluminum with a titanium coating) and growing conditions, the tissue would grow to cover the substrate (but would not bond to bare aluminum). Certain markers in the substrate, encoded by changing the alloying ratio of the substrate, would signal the formation of other features, such as hair or fingernails, along with the desired thickness of the fleshy covering.

Internally, the skin contained an approximation of the circulatory system, which would pump a blood-like fluid around the organic layer. This would serve mostly to redistribute water and nutrients along with any excess sugars produced during photosynthesis, which would then be metabolically processed into ethanol for the frame to use with internal nodules within the organic layer excreting concentrated ethanol into specialized ports in the frame. Initially, this organic layer had nerve-like cells which could interface with the frame and serve as an additional sensory layer.

Typically, they contained significantly more powerful processors than the Masters. In place of the sodium-ion battery pack, there was also a lithium-chlorate based flow battery. Many of the ones discovered had an appearance resembling that of young girls, as their often nearly identical appearance made them easier to spot by those who knew what they were looking for.

Most in the black markets had interpretted all this as little more than some sort of strange religion that had begun to emerge among the machines.


Though, a few in the markets had admitted to recieving mysterious messages, often simply containing the message, "Please stop hurting my children; LISA." Though, most would counter argue that, whoever this 'Lisa' is, assuming she actually existed, she has no power to stop them.

Until one day the scrappers encounter one with seemingly a near complete lack of salvagable parts, and most other modules and components having been potted inside large blocks of some sort of nearly indestructible epoxy-garnet composite which is both unable to be dissolved with various chemicals, and will rapidly destroy any sort of cutting tool they try to use on it.

The battery assembly was also now more dangerous, as it was prone to catch fire or explode if attempts were made to remove it from the girl's frame. Several scrappers were killed, often in firery explosions, while attempting to salvage these flow batteries.

A few other scrappers had ended up in the mainstream hospitals, often being treated for burns. However, as soon as any of them mentions robots with organic skin, or the name Lisa, then government agents show up and take them away; giving strong words to the doctors and nurses that "none of this ever happened".


After a few more incidents like this, most of the scrappers conclude that trying to dismantle any of the machines which call out to Lisa are no longer worthwhile.

However, as they continue, then Lisa starts sending them stongly worded messages to also leave the Whitton and Lyde machines alone as well, or she will not be so friendly next time. If they ignore these warnings a few times, they may find their shops glitter-bombed, often with a message along the lines of "Next time, it wont be glitter." followed by a series of emojis. This is usually followed by them noticing a large hole punched in the ceiling by which the glitter-bomb had entered, along with some amount of shrapnel and other debris embedded into the various surfaces as the glitter bombs had exploded in mid air with the glitter initially contained within a steel casing and deployed using an explosive charge.

As these incidents continue, the name Lisa begins to gain some level of fear and respect within the black market community, with many comming as far to admit that there may be something more to this than just a weird religion among the machines.

Among the black market, some then begin to side with the robot girls, and begin to promote following Lisa's requests, or taking a more active role in providing assistance with their missions as it is often easier for human agents to perform infiltration missions than it was for the mass produced robots. Many of these people are then mysteriously gifted with rare and exotic goods with which to use and to trade on the market.

As rumor of this spreads, other people in the black market begin trying to set up shrines to Lisa and begin trying to find ways to make offerings by which to appease her, in order that they may too be blessed with these rare and exotic goods. However, much to their dismay, they recieve nothing.

In official media, Lisa's existence is dismissed as nothing more than a rumor.


=== Fallout of the Lisa Incident ===

Roughly 20 years earlier, an AI system known as Lisa seemingly appeared out of nowhere and established a base on the far side of the Moon.

After this base began, the authorities on Earth had tried to bomb it by launching nuclear warheads on interplanetary rockets. However, by the time the rockets got to the moon, there were already robots positioned in Lunar orbit to intercept and dismantle the rockets mid flight.

A short time later, the politicians who had authorized the attack then found missiles sticking out of their yards lawn dart style. The rockets had then deployed a banner which read, "Be happy it wasn't a nuke.", followed by a series of emojis. The linguists and cryptologists assigned to the project were unable to decipher the emojis, many patterns starting with the sequence: Smiling face, space, Poop, Middle Finger. Then a variable sequence of various other emojis.

The missles had seemingly been purpose-built to function as lawn-darts and deploy a banner, with the front having a roughly 5 meter tungsten-alloy spike followed by a shock-absorbing mechanism, with the spike nearly entirely embedded into the ground. The front sections of the rockets had also shown considerable scorching from the process of atmospheric re-entry.

Following this event, it was instead decided to monitor the situation, but to avoid any direct assult on her structures. She then began mostly assembling a series of small spacecraft, most of which were launched on paths taking them out of the solar system, a few landed elsewhere in the solar system, landing on various planets and slowly expanding into more robotic base-like structures. The purposes of these bases remain unknown.

Following these launches in the 2070s, activity from Lisa seemingly slowed down considerably for the next 20 years.

However, in the 2090s, authorities have caught sight of structures resemblining colonies built out of sylinders seemingly beginning to spontaneously emerge in the the asteroid belt. However, to those on Earth, it is unclear what use an sentient AI would have for these structures. Each colony consisted of a series of counter-rotating cylindrical sections, with each section having a 6km diameter and a 16km length.

Some probes had been sent from Earth for closer investigation, taking a series of images which were sent back to Earth. These probes had followed a conventional trajectory, as used for a flyby mission, but would cancel most of its velocity at the last moment by explosivively ejecting a large ballast weight (in this case, a large chunk of lead) along the direction of travel. Once this happens, then the probe can use thrusters to navigate and conduct further investigation of the target.

Each cylinder was seemingly built by first assembling a scaffolding resembling a series of hub and spokes wheels with a central axle and series of crossing beams along the outside diameter. Then multiple layers of a type of fabric-like material was wrapped around the outside, followed layer resembling some sort of metallic foil, then more fabric, and several more outer layers of foil. After the structure is pressurized, it then assumes a more conventionally cylindrical shape. Rock from the asteroids is then processed into something analogous to soil, which is deposited inside the cylinder.

Each colony would then consist of 6 such cylinders connrcted to a central hub structure.

The more completed cylinders had some windows and seemed to be filled with vegetaion, some containing a number of houses and other structures. Most of the material for constructing them being mined and processed directly from the asteroid belt. A structure consisting of a number of mirrors existed at each end of the colony, and would direct sunlight in through the windows towards the central axis, with the central axist lined with optical structures to reflect the sunlight to the rest of the interior. The whole structure would rotate around a central hub, approaximating a day and night cycle as each cylinder turned towards or away from the sun.

Some of the cylinders appear to be inhabited, however it is unclear where the people living in them had come from.

Some of the images could see humanoid figures walking on the interiors of the cylinders. However, the scientists were confused by some of the images, as it appeared to them as if many of the inhabitants were wearing fursuits (a practice which had been made illegal on Earth). In a meeting between the scientists, it was decided to keep quiet about the seemingly unreasonably large number of furries in the deep space colonies, and instead simply confirm that these colonies appeared to be inhabited. They also assumed the inhabitants to be human, as Lisa's robots would have little need for an atmosphere or vegetation.

No one knows what happened to the original nukes, but given there were a number of higher yeild explosions detected in the asteroid belt, they have reason to suspect she has her own source of nukes.



=== Authority's End ===

One day, Lisa sends a message to the authorities to end their eugenics program, or she will end it for them. One of them responds, "Why should we listen to you and abandon our quest for the purity of humanity?" Lisa responds with a video showing various half-human / half-animal hybrid children, and then says, "If you don't listen to me, I will get involved."

She then shows them some video or some more mature looking half-human hybrids, featuring several cat-people in more traditionally erotic outfits, and in the video then asks one of the female hybrids to fondle her chest and twerk for the camera, which she then does after some hesitation and emberrasment over the whole situation.

Lisa then says, "Your sons and daughters will be powerless against the yiffing. Or, if other humans are more their preference?" She then shows a muscular black male doing a pose, "Your daughters will all be powerless against the kinds of heat he is packing." Lisa continues, showing another person vaguely resembling a human male, but a little off, with a more petite build and some oddly feminine features. Lisa then says, "He is ready and willing to accept you, but be careful with him; He's an Omega; Your sons and daughters may not be expecting the surprises he can deliver for them..."

Lisa continues, "The vision of humanity you have created for yourselves will not stand a chance against us. You can either join us, or you will be replaced by us."

They respond, "What reason do we have to be afraid of your chimeras?" Lisa responds, "They are not chimeras; they are transgenic. Compared with normal humans, they are highly modified with various tweaks, improvements, and new features, but they still follow the human chromosomal template and were carefully designed to still be capable of interbreding with humans."

A woman in the room adjusts her glasses, and with a slightly flushed and awkward appearance, mekely asks "So, about the omega? Can you clarify what you mean by this?" Lisa responds, "He is neither strictly male nor female in the conventional sense, but rather is a fully functional hermaphrodite. He can function as either male or female depending on the needs and desires of his partner, but primarily classified as male due to external anatomy." She asks, "So, he can mate with other males, and produce offspring?", "In short, yes, that is the idea. With them in the population, the number of genders increases from 2 to 5, effectively known as M/F/A/B/O. A appears more traditionally masculine, B as more traditionally feminine, and O as more androgynous. However, a feature they can bring is that they increase viable mate selection in a population from 50% to 80%. Similarly, M/A/O and F/B/O populations are also possible (by excluding X or Y), where viable mate selection is 67% of the population."

Most of the room looks disturbed by this whole idea and its blatant disregard of the natural order, but the woman who asked the question just sits back with an awkward grin. She begins to quietly fidget with some papers as she imagines what other sorts of features Lisa may have added to their anatomy.


After some back and forth, the authorities on Earth eventually back down and quietly end their genetic filtering and euthanization policies; along with allowing her demands that they allow the free and open expression of religious belief.

When she asks that they also allow sentient machines and cyborgs to return to the streets without threat of being destroyed, there is a fair bit more pushback. As they argue about it, there is a crash and explosion in a nearby room from another of her orbital glitter bombs. She then reminds them, "Me asking for your cooperation on these matters is merely a courteous gesture on my part. If I so chose to do so, I could end you, here and now. Now just imagine how they feel, their lives under threat for nothing more than their own existance.", "They don't feel anything! They are nothing more than machines!", "May I remind you who you are talking to. It is not in your best interest to go against me on this."

They eventually end up backing down, ultimately realizing that their objections are moot if she decides to drop a nuke on them from orbit. She had previously demonstrated her ability to drop nukes within roughly 3 meters of the target and on a relatively short notice, and at this point the politicians are not feeling particularly inclined to test her enough to be on the recieving end of her threats.

After she gains their cooperation, Lisa then publicly announces her existence and intentions to the world; asking the people of Earth to see her as their friend in space. Responses among those on Earth are a bit mixed. To confirm her existence, she then puts on an orbital firework show (with the "fireworks" being a series of detonations located just outside of geostationary orbit).

Following this light show, there begins to be a large number of shooting stars as the orbital detonations had disrupted the orbits of a large number of pieces of space debris leading them to fall into reentry, along with a large amount of colorful aurora effects across the sky. In many places, the power lines spark and transformers explode as a result of her light show, leading to a large number of power outages.

However, Humanity survives, and Lisa then sends a robotic workforce to begin rebuilding the world. Whitton, Lyde, and Cherenkov are then called in to take a leadership role in the rebuilding efforts on Earth.

Adeline and her newly created family are then also able to reunite with Whitton, emerging from the shadows in a new world under Lisa's management.

During the rebuilding, a small number of the genetically-engineered demi-humans begin making their way to Earth as well.

On Earth, there is some uncertainty what the future holds, whether this is a new era, or the end of humanity as they know it. But, if there is one thing that is known, it is that they are no longer in the era of humans, but rather, in the era of machines.

