Life:
A fisherman sits at a lake pulling in his line.
The fish that are big enough, he keeps for himself;
The fish that are too small, he throws back into the lake;
The fish that are empty, they cease to be;
And, the fish that are rotten, he takes them and throws them in the trash.

It may be mistaken to say that there are only two options here.
The small fish are not yet ready to face judgment, so it makes more sense to send them back into the lake. However, the rotten fish will do little but make the lake rancid, so it is better to dispose of them.

The empty fish are those who lack any substance, and when taken from the lake, when the sun and air hit them, they crumble into nothing. They don't return to the lake, as there is nothing to send back. They are also not taken, as there is nothing there to take.

That some are returned to the lake, and others cease to be, does not negate the existence of the fisherman.


Guilt:
The guilt of an act is not solely a product of the act itself.
If one desires to do wrong, but decides not to out of fear of the consequences, they already hold guilt for the essence of the act. But, it is also wrong to say that the guilt is in what one sees and hears. It is not what one sees and hears that makes them guilty, nor even necessarily whether or not they go through with it, but more whether or not they have the intent and willingness to do so.

However, good intent is a gift to above. Better to be free and choose to do what is right, than to have it forced on them by others. Refraining from doing something out of fear of punishment buys them nothing, better for them to know they are free to do as they will, but then choose to do what is right because it is the right thing to do.

Making needless rules and condemning others for breaking these rules, or putting authorities in place to enforce these rules, does more harm than good, even when the rule itself was made with good intentions.


Authority:
He did not come to the world to seek authority and control;
If one is using his name to bring glory to themselves, seeking to build followers for themselves, to gather power or authority or wealth, he did not send them. His place is not in power structures or wealth, and if one looks to power or wealth, one will not find him there.

If one uses his name to gather these things for their own glory, they will not be lifted up, these things will become the anchor that drags them to the depths.

Likewise, empty praise and flattery buys nothing. If one speaks praise of him, but lives for themselves, it is no credit to them. Better in this case to do what is right and to speak nothing. While it is good for people to know of him, it is wrong to then reduce it to empty flattery and praise. Better to not use his name at all than to use it incorrectly.

